# Module 6: Administering and troubleshooting SharePoint Online
# Lab: Configuring and administering SharePoint Online
  
### Scenario
  
 Now that A. Datum Corporation users are using Exchange Online and Skype for Business Online, the next step is to start using SharePoint Online. You need to configure SharePoint Online by configuring the service settings, creating and configuring site collections, and configuring external user sharing.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Configure SharePoint Online settings.

- Create and configure SharePoint Online site collections.

- Configure and verify external user sharing.

- Configure OneDrive for Business.

- Troubleshoot SharePoint Online.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 60 minutes

Virtual machines:  **10997A-LON-DC1**,  **10997A-LON-DS1**,  **10997A-LON-CL1**, and  **10997A-LON-CL2**

 User names:  **Adatum\\administrator** for **LON-DC1** and **LON-DS1** and **Adatum\\Holly** and **Adatum\\Beth** for **LON-CL1** and **LON-CL2**

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 In all of the tasks:

- Where you see references to  **Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, replace  ***yyxxxxx*** with your unique Office 365 name.


 This lab requires the following virtual machines:

-  **LON-DC1**:

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\administrator** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

-  **LON-DS1**:

  - Do not sign in to  **LON-DS1**.

-  **LON-CL1**:

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

-  **LON-CL2**:

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.



## Exercise 1: Configuring SharePoint Online settings
  
### Scenario
  
 As a first step in the SharePoint Online deployment, you will configure the SharePoint Online service settings.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure settings

2. Configure user profiles

3. Configure apps



#### Task 1: Configure settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, connect to  **https://portal.office.com**, and then sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** (where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum.com number) with Holly's password.

2. Access the SharePoint admin center.

3. In  **settings**, configure the following options:

  - Enable manual site collection storage management.

  - Select the new sync client for SharePoint.

  - Enable sharing to authenticated external users and using anonymous access links.



#### Task 2: Configure user profiles
  
1. In  **Manage User profiles**, select the user profile of  **Ada**, and then add  **Holly** as her manager.

2. Under  **My Site Settings**, configure  **Holly** as the secondary site owner.



#### Task 3: Configure apps
  
1. Configure Store settings in the  **app** section.

2. Disable apps from starting when documents are opened in the browser.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured the SharePoint Online service settings.


## Exercise 2: Creating and configuring a SharePoint site collection
  
### Scenario
  
 As a first step in the SharePoint Online deployment, you will create two site collections: one for the Marketing group and one for the Research group.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Create a site collection by using the SharePoint admin center

2. Create a site collection by using Windows PowerShell

3. Configure permissions on the site collections

4. Verify access to the site collections



#### Task 1: Create a site collection by using the SharePoint admin center
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, on the left side, click  **Site collections**, and then create a new site named  **marketing**. Use the  **https://Adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing** URL, and then add **Holly** as the site administrator.

2. Wait for the site collection to be created.
>  **Note:** It can take a few minutes until the **Sharing** menu on the ribbon is active. You can speed this up by pressing F5 to refresh the page.
3. Change the  **Sharing** setting to **Allow sharing with all external users, and by using anonymous access links**.



#### Task 2: Create a site collection by using Windows PowerShell
  
1. Download the SharePoint Online Management Shell tool from  **http://aka.ms/f04q5o**, and then install it.

2. Open the SharePoint Online Management Shell as an administrator.

3. Connect to the SharePoint admin center by running the following command:

  ```
  Connect-SPOService -Url https://Adatumyyxxxxx-admin.sharepoint.com -credential Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com
  ```

4. Type your password.

5. Create a new SharePoint Online site by running the following command:

  ```
  New-SPOSite -Url https://Adatumyyxxxxx.sharepoint.com/sites/Research -Owner Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com -StorageQuota 500 -NoWait -Template PROJECTSITE#0 -Title "Research Project"
  ```

6. Close the  **Windows PowerShell** window.



#### Task 3: Configure permissions on the site collections
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, in the SharePoint admin center, select the  **/marketing** site.

2. Edit the properties of the site, and then add  **Ada Russell** as an additional site collection administrator.

3. Sign In as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, and then verify that you are a site collection administrator of the site.



#### Task 4: Verify access to the site collections
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, connect to  **https://Adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**.

2. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Beth's password.

3. Verify that you cannot access the site, and then request access.

4. Connect to  **https://Adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**.

5. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Holly's password.

6. On the  **Site Permissions** page, approve Beth Burke's access request, and then add Perry Brill to the site members group.

7. Access the site again as Beth, and then verify that you have access.

8. Access the site as Ella, and then verify that you have access.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have created and configured SharePoint Online site collections.


## Exercise 3: Configuring and verifying external user sharing
  
### Scenario
  
 The Marketing group wants to ensure that external users can access some of the materials that they are uploading to the SharePoint site. You need to configure SharePoint Online and the site collection settings to enable this feature.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure global settings for external user sharing

2. Configure a site collection for external user sharing

3. Verify external user sharing



#### Task 1: Configure global settings for external user sharing
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, access the SharePoint admin center by signing in as Holly.

2. Open the  **sharing** page and enable:

  - External sharing for authenticated external users and for users gaining access through anonymous access links.

  - Anonymous links expiring in seven days.



#### Task 2: Configure a site collection for external user sharing
  
1. Select the  **/marketing** website, and then configure it for sharing with external users and by using anonymous guest links.
>  **Note:** In the following steps, you will give access to the site collection to a Microsoft account of your choice. We recommend that you use a Microsoft account that you already have. If you do not want to use your private Microsoft account, please create a new Microsoft account at https://live.com.
2. Share the marketing site with the Microsoft account you want to use. Grant the user member permissions.

3. On the marketing site, create a new document in the  **Documents** folder. Type some text in the document.

4. Share the document with your Microsoft account. Grant the user the Edit permission.



#### Task 3: Verify external user sharing
  
1. Sign in to Outlook.com by using your Microsoft account, and then use the link provided in the email to verify that the external user can access the marketing site.

2. Verify that the user can also access and edit the document in the  **Documents** document library.

3. Close all browser tabs, and then close the browser.

4. Sign out as  **Adatum\\Holly**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured a site collection for external user sharing, and you should have shared a site and a document with external users.


## Exercise 4: Configuring OneDrive for Business
  
### Scenario
  
 A. Datum Corporation wants to start using OneDrive for Business as the default storage location for user documents. You need to ensure connectivity to OneDrive for Business, configure content synchronization, and share content in OneDrive for Business among users.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Enable OneDrive for Business synchronization

2. Create files to sync with OneDrive for Business

3. Share files with other users



#### Task 1: Enable OneDrive for Business synchronization
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. Open Word 2016, and then sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Beth's password.

3. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

4. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Beth's password.

5. In the Office 365 portal, click  **OneDrive**.

6. Create a Word document on the OneDrive site.

7. Select the option to sync the OneDrive folder.

8. Open File Explorer, and then browse the OneDrive location where the synced files are stored. Verify that the Word document has been synced to the local computer.



#### Task 2: Create files to sync with OneDrive for Business
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the  **OneDrive - Adatum** folder, create two new folders named **Private** and **Project A**.

2. In the  **Private** folder, create a new Word document named **Holidays.docx**. Open the file, type some text, save the document, and then close Word.

3. In the  **Project A** folder, create a new Word document named **project targets.docx**. Open the file, type some text, save the document, and then close Word.

4. Verify that both files are synced to Office 365.

5. To view the files online, switch to the  **Microsoft Edge** window, and then verify that the two folders with the files are displayed in OneDrive for Business.

6. In Microsoft Edge, go to the  **Private** folder, open the synced **Holidays.docx** document, add some text in Word Online, and then return to the **Files** site in OneDrive for Business.

7. Switch back to File Explorer, go to the  **Private** folder, and then open **Holidays.docx**. Notice that the changes made in Word Online have been automatically synced.



#### Task 3: Share files with other users
  
1. In File Explorer, right-click the folder named  **Project A**, and then click the option to open the folder in the browser.

2. Select the option to share the  **Project targets** document.

3. Share the document with the Edit permission with Holly Spencer.

4. Open an  **InPrivate** Microsoft Edge window, and then connect to Office 365 as Holly. Access Holly's mail.

5. Verify that you can open and edit the document shared by Beth.

6. In Beth's online  **OneDrive for Business** folder, stop sharing the document.

7. Close all  **Microsoft Edge** windows.

8. Sign out as  **Adatum\\Beth**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured OneDrive for Business for A Datum Corporation and verified user file sharing in OneDrive for Business.


## Exercise 5: Troubleshooting SharePoint Online
  
### Scenario
  
 A user, Beth Burke, reports that she is no longer able to manage the sales site collection. One of her colleagues, Abbi, has no problem managing the site collection. Beth needs to finish sharing some new content with their external business partner. She reports that Abbi is unable to share content with external users. Also, users report that they can no longer sync files from OneDrive for Business.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Produce problems

2. Detect SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems

3. Resolve SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems

4. Prepare for the next module



#### Task 1: Produce problems
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. Run an administrative SharePoint Online Management Shell and run the  **C:\\labfiles\\mod06\\Mod6\_CreateProblem.ps1** Windows PowerShell script.

3. When prompted, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Holly's password.

4. Please wait 10 minutes after the script is finished before proceeding with the next lab task.



#### Task 2: Detect SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then access  **https://Adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/sales**.

3. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Beth's password.

4. Verify that Beth is not allowed to access the Sales Team site.

5. Close Microsoft Edge.

6. Open Microsoft Edge, and then access  **https://Adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/sales**.

7. Sign in as  **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Abbi's password.

8. Verify that Abbi can access the Sales Team site.

9. Share the site with your Microsoft account.

10. Verify that you receive an error message stating that you cannot share the site.

11. In Microsoft Edge, go to Abbi's OneDrive.

12. Sync the  **OneDrive** folder with the OneDrive for Business sync client by using Abbi's credentials.
>  **Note:** If you receive a request to look for an app in the Store, click the link to get the latest version of OneDrive and install the OneDrive for Business sync client.
13. Verify that you receive an error stating that OneDrive cannot add your folder right now. If you do not receive an error at this point, cancel the wizard, and wait for 5 minutes before attempting to sync again.



#### Task 3: Resolve SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems
  
1. Attempt to resolve the problem by using your knowledge of the SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business configuration settings.

2. If you are unable to resolve the problem, escalate it by asking your instructor for additional guidance.



#### Task 4: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, close all open windows, and keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have resolved SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business issues.



## 
  
**Question** 
What is the best way to verify access to external sites?

**Question** 
What is the best way to configure user profile settings, and where do you get all the data?



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  