# Module 3: Administering and troubleshooting directory synchronization and directory objects
# Lab: Administering directory synchronization, users, and groups in Office 365
  
### Scenario
  
 Now that the Office 365 tenant is configured and ready for deployment, you are ready to start creating user and group accounts in Office 365. You and your team need to be familiar with how to configure these accounts by using the Office 365 admin center, because this will be your primary tool for managing the environment once the pilot is fully functional. In addition, you need to make sure that directory synchronization is enabled and that the password policy for Office 365 users matches the password policy for on-premises users.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Configure Azure AD Connect.

- Manage Office 365 users and groups.

- Manage Office 365 password policies.

- Troubleshoot users and directory synchronization.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 75 minutes

Virtual machines:  **10997A-LON-DC1**,  **10997A-LON-DS1**, and  **10997A-LON-CL1**

 User name:  **Adatum\Administrator**

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 For this lab, you will use the available virtual machine environment. Before you begin the lab, if necessary, you must complete the following steps:

1. On the host computer, click  **Start**, point to  **Administrative Tools**, and then click  **Hyper-V Manager**.

2. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **MT17B-WS2016-NAT**, and then in the  **Actions** pane, click **Start**.

3. In the  **Actions** pane, click **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

4. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **10997A-LON-DC1**, and then in the  **Actions** pane, click **Start**.

5. In the  **Actions** pane, click **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

6. Sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Administrator**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**

7. Repeat steps 4 through 6 for  **10997A-LON-DS1 **and ** 10997A-LON-CL1**.


 In all tasks:

- Where you see references to  **Adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, replace  **Adatumyyxxxx** with your unique Office 365 name, that you choose in Lab 1 - Exercise 1, Task 1.



## Exercise 1: Configuring Azure AD Connect
  
### Scenario
  
 After you establish initial directory synchronization between your AD DS and Azure AD, you want to perform further configuration to optimize this process. You want to enable password write back feature and also you want to configure user attribute that can filter users from being synchronized.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Implement directory synchronization with Azure AD Connect

2. Run the Azure AD Connect wizard to modify sync options

3. Configure synchronization services for OUs and object attributes



#### Task 1: Implement directory synchronization with Azure AD Connect
  
1. On the  **LON-DS1** computer, start Azure AD Connect from the desktop.

2. Use Express Settings to establish synchronization, without verifying domains.

3. Wait for 4-5 minutes for the initial configuration to complete.

4. Open Office 365 admin center, and then verify that you can see users from your on-premises AD DS.



#### Task 2: Run the Azure AD Connect wizard to modify sync options
  
1. Run the Azure AD Connect configuration.

2. Review the current configuration for directory synchronization.

3. Choose to modify the current configuration.

4. Use the  **holly@adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** account to connect to Azure AD.

5. Synchronize the  **IT, Marketing** and ** Managers** OUs. Deselect all other OUs.

6. Enable the password writeback feature.



#### Task 3: Configure synchronization services for OUs and object attributes
  
1. On  **LON-DS1**, configure the Active Directory Connector in  **Synchronization Service Manager** for the **Development** OU.

2. Add the  **device** object to the synchronization list.

3. Add the  **secretary** and **street** attributes to the synchronization list.

4. On  **LON-DS1**, use the  **Synchronization Rules Editor** to configure a filter on the inbound synchronization rule with the following information:

  - Name:  **In from AD - User DoNotSyncFilter**

  - Connected System:  **Adatum.com**

  - CS Object Type:  **User**

  - Metaverse Object Type:  **Person**

  - Link Type:  **Join**

  - Precedence:  **50**

  - Scoping filter:
Attribute:  **MSDS-cloudExtensionAttribute15**

Operator:  **EQUAL**

Value:  **NoSync**

  - Transformation:
FlowType:  **Constant**

Target Attribute:  **cloudFiltered**

Source:  **True**

5. Use Windows PowerShell to start the synchronization by running the following command:

  ```
  Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Initial
  ```


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured Azure AD Connect.


## Exercise 2: Managing Office 365 users and groups by using the Office 365 admin center
  
### Scenario
  
 You have configured the Office 365 tenant. Now you need to start creating users and groups in Office 365 and managing the user licenses.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Assign and manage licenses for users

2. Create Office 365 groups

3. Manage Office 365 groups



#### Task 1: Assign and manage licenses for users
  
1. Use the Office 365 admin portal to assign an Office 365 Enterprise E5 license to  **Abbi Skinner**,  **Ada Russell**,  **Adam Hobbs**, and  **Beth Burke**.

2. Disable the Microsoft Teams and Sway and Flow for Office 365 functionalities for  **Ada Russell**.



#### Task 2: Create Office 365 groups
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, create a new security group named  **Sales**, with a description of  **Sales department users**.

2. Add  **Lindsey Gates** and **Christie Thomas** as group members.

3. In the Office 365 admin center, create a new Office 365 group named  **Accounts**, with a description of  **Accounts department users**.

4. Add  **Francisco Chaves** and **Sallie McIntosh** as group members.



#### Task 3: Manage Office 365 groups
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, verify that you can see the following groups:

  -  **Sales**

  -  **Accounts**

2. Add  **Amy Santiago** as a member of the **Sales** group.

3. Delete the  **Sales** group, and then confirm that **Amy Santiago** still exists in the list of **Active users**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have created users and groups in Office 365 and managed user licenses.


## Exercise 3: Managing Office 365 password policies
  
### Scenario
  
 Your organization has configured a password policy for on-premises users that requires a complex password, requires users to change their passwords every 60 days, and prevents users from reusing old passwords 15 times. You need to ensure that the password policy for the pilot users on Office 365 matches the policy for on-premises users, and report any settings that can't be configured to match.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure the Office 365 password policy

2. Validate the password policy

3. Configure Office 365 multi-factor authentication



#### Task 1: Configure the Office 365 password policy
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, in  **Settings**, browse to  **Security &amp; privacy**.

2. Set the password expiration policy to  **14** days before the passwords expire.
>  **Note:** You would not do this in the real world. This is a classroom example that allows you to verify the policy applied in the next exercise task.
3. In the  **Days before a user is notified about expiration** box, leave the default value of **14**.

4. Verify that the  **Password policy has been updated** message appears at the top of the page.



#### Task 2: Validate the password policy
  
1. Open Internet Explorer, and then browse to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in as  **Lindsey@Adatum _yyxxxxx_. onmicrosoft.com**, by using temporary password noted before. Update the password to a new password that meets the complexity requirements.

3. On the upper-right side of the window, verify that the notification appears with the following information:  **Time to change your password. Your password will expire in 13 days.**

>  **Note:** It might take a several minutes before the password change notification appears. You can safely proceed with other tasks in this lab even if you don't get notification.
>  **Note:** You have now verified that your password policy is applied. In a real-world scenario, after you verified that the password policy was applied, you would need to increase the number of days before the password expired, according to your organizational policy.


#### Task 3: Configure Office 365 multi-factor authentication
  
1. Open Internet Explorer, and then browse to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum _yyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**, where  _yyxxxxx_ is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

3. In the Microsoft Office 365 portal, in  **Settings**, browse to  **Services &amp; add-ins**.

4. Manage multi-factor authentication and enable multi-factor authentication for  **Amy Santiago**.

5. In  **service settings** for multi-factor authentication, remove **Call to phone** as a verification option. Enable the option to remember multi-factor authentication on trusted devices.

6. Close the browser window.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured the Office 365 password policy and validated the policy.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting synchronization issues with user objects in Office 365
  
### Scenario
  
 You noticed that some user objects are not synchronizing properly to Azure AD. You suspect that some attributes on these objects do not have proper values. You want to use the IdFix tool to verify potential issues with user objects in your organization that can prevent object synchronization to Azure AD.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Produce a problem

2. Resolve synchronization issues



#### Task 1: Produce a problem
  
- On  **LON-CL1**, set the  **Execution** policy in Windows PowerShell to **Unrestricted**, change the path to  **C:\labfiles**, and then run the Windows PowerShell cmdlet  **.\CreateProblemUsers.ps1**.
This Windows PowerShell script will make the following changes in AD DS:

  - Klemen Sic. Adds the "@" character to the beginning of "adatum" for the  **UserPrincipalName** attribute.

  - Lara Raisic. Replaces the existing email with "lara@adatum.com?" for the  **emailAddress** attribute.

  - Logan Boyle. Replaces the existing string with "logan@adatum.com@" for the  **emailAddress** attribute.

  - Maj Hojski. Replaces the existing string with " " for the  **emailAddress** attribute.



#### Task 2: Resolve synchronization issues
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as Adatum\Administrator with password Pa55w.rd.

2. On  **LON-CL1**, download the IdFix tool from  **https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=36832**.

3. Extract the files to  **C:\Deployment Tools\IdFix**, and then run IdFix as an administrator.

4. In the IdFix tool, click  **Query**, and then sort the errors by the  **ERROR** column.

5. On the  **Actions** menu, select **Edit** for each of these objects, and then click **Apply**:

  -  **Klemen Sic**

  -  **Lara Raisic**

  -  **Logan Boyle**

  -  **Maj Hojski**

6. Click  **Query**.

7. Click to sort the errors by the  **UPDATE** column. For each of these objects, replace the **mail** attribute with the appropriate string. On the **Actions** menu, select **EDIT**. For:

  -  **Logan Boyle**. The  **mail** attribute should be "logan@adatum.com".

  -  **Maj Hojski**. The  **mail** attribute should be "maj@adatum.com".

8. Click  **Apply**, and then click  **Query**.

9. Remediate any remaining issues.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have troubleshot synchronization issues with user objects in Office 365.



## 
  
**Question** 
How do you configure OU-level filtering for directory synchronization?

**Question** 
Which options you can use for multi-factor authentication in Office 365?



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  