# Module 8: Administering and troubleshooting compliance and security in Office 365
# Lab: Configuring and troubleshooting compliance and security
  
### Scenario
  
 The compliance and security groups at A. Datum Corporation are quite concerned with the implications of moving internal services and content to a cloud-based solution such as Office 365. To gain project approval for the project, you need to show how you can use rights management and compliance features to address these concerns.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Configure rights management in Office 365.

- Configure compliance features in Office 365.

- Configure email protection in Office 365.

- Troubleshoot compliance and protection.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 75 minutes

Virtual machines:  **10997A-LON-DC1**,  **10997A-LON-DS1**, and  **10997A-LON-CL1**

 User name:  **Adatum\Administrator** (for **10997A-LON-DC1** and **10997A-LON-DS1**),  **Adatum\Holly** (for **10997A-LON-CL1**)

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 In all the tasks, where you see references to  **Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, replace  **Adatumyyxxxxx** with your unique Office 365 name.


## Exercise 1: Configuring rights management in Office 365
  
### Scenario
  
 You need to configure rights management in Exchange Online and SharePoint Online to help ensure that confidential information is not shared with unauthorized users.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Activate Azure Information Protection in Office 365

2. Configure Azure Information Protection for Exchange Online

3. Configure Azure Information Protection for SharePoint Online

4. Validate Azure Information Protection functionality



#### Task 1: Activate Azure Information Protection in Office 365
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open  **Microsoft Edge**, and then connect to the Office 365 portal.

2. Sign in as  **holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using ** Pa55w.rd** as the password.

3. Access  **Microsoft Azure Information Protection** under **Settings/Services &amp; add-ins** menu, and then activate **Rights Management**.



#### Task 2: Configure Azure Information Protection for Exchange Online
  
1. Open  **Windows Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell** from the desktop of **LON-CL1**.

2. Use the following commands to connect to Exchange Online with remote Windows PowerShell. Use Holly's credentials to connect:

  ```
  $Cred = Get-Credential
$Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $Cred -Authentication Basic -AllowRedirection 
Import-PSSession $Session
  ```

3. Use the following command to set the IRM sharing location to the region you are in:

  ```
  Set-IRMConfiguration -RMSOnlineKeySharingLocation "https://sp-rms.na.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc"
  ```

>  **Note:** Depending on the location of your tenant, replace the link in the preceding command with one of the following:

- For Europe: https://sp-rms.eu.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc

- For Asia: https://sp-rms.ap.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc

- For South America: https://sp-rms.sa.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc 

4. Use the following command to configure Azure Information Protection as a trusted publishing domain:

  ```
  Import-RMSTrustedPublishingDomain -RMSOnline -name "RMS Online"
  ```

5. Use the following command to set the IRM configuration for only licensed users:

  ```
  Set-IRMConfiguration -InternalLicensingEnabled $true
  ```

6. Use the following command to test the configuration:

  ```
  Test-IRMConfiguration -Sender holly@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com
  ```

7. Verify that test result is PASS.

8. Remove the remote Windows PowerShell session, and then close Windows PowerShell.



#### Task 3: Configure Azure Information Protection for SharePoint Online
  
1. From the Office 365 admin center, connect to the SharePoint admin center.

2. Go to the  **settings** page.

3. Enable IRM, and then refresh the IRM settings.



#### Task 4: Validate Azure Information Protection functionality
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Word 2016, and add  **holly@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** as the Office account.

2. Close Word 2016.

3. Open Outlook 2016. Create a new message for Beth Burke. On the  **Options** tab, click **Permission**, and then connect to the rights management server to get templates.

4. Click  **Permission** again, apply the **Do not Forward** policy, and then send the message.

5. In Microsoft Edge, connect to  **https://adatumyyxxxxx.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**.

6. Click  **Documents**, and then access the library settings.

7. Enable IRM, and then configure a policy with the following settings:

  -  **Restrict permissions on this library on download**

  - Title:  **Marketing Policy**

  - Description:  **Marketing policy for downloads**

  -  **Allow viewers to write on a copy of the downloaded document**

8. Close Microsoft Edge.

9. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**. Sign in as  **Beth@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

10. Check Beth's email, and then verify that you received an email from Holly that is IRM protected. Click the message.

11. Verify that you do not have the option to forward or print the message.

12. In Microsoft Edge, connect to  **https://adatumyyxxxxx.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**.

13. Open the document in the  **Documents** library, and then verify that you cannot edit it.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured rights management for Exchange Online and SharePoint Online.


## Exercise 2: Configuring compliance features
  
### Scenario
  
 As a part of general security and compliance strategy, you need to implement the following features in Office 365:

- Delegate rights in the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center.

- Enable archive mailboxes.

- Configure retention tags and policies.

- Configure content deletion and preservation policies.

- Configure DLP.


 The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center permissions and audit logging

2. Configure archive mailboxes

3. Configure retention tags and policies

4. Configure content deletion and preservation policies

5. Configure data loss prevention policy

6. Create compliance check content

7. Validate the configuration



#### Task 1: Configure the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center permissions and audit logging
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then sign in to  **https://portal.office.com** as **holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**.

2. In the Office 365 admin center, click  **Security &amp; Compliance**, and then open the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center.

3. In the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center, configure Beth Burke as a Compliance Administrator and add her to the Compliance Management and Recipient Management groups in Exchange Online. Add Christie Thomas as an eDiscovery Manager.

4. Click  **Search &amp; investigation**.

5. Click  **Audit log search**.

6. On the  **Audit log search** page, click **Start recording user and admin activities**.

7. Leave Microsoft Edge window opened.



#### Task 2: Configure archive mailboxes
  
1. In the navigation pane, click  **Data management**, and then click  **Archive**.

2. Configure Christie Thomas and Catherine Richard with archive mailboxes.



#### Task 3: Configure retention tags and policies
  
1. In the Exchange admin center, navigate to compliance management and create the following retention tags for your organization:

  - DPT:
Name:  **Research User 1 year move to archive**

Retention Action:  **Move to Archive**

Retention Period:  **365 days**

  - DPT:
Name:  **Default 2 years move to Deleted Items**

Retention Action:  **Delete and Allow Recovery**

Retention Period:  **730 days**

  - RPT on the  **Deleted Items** folder:
Name:  **Purge Deleted Items 30 days**

Retention Action:  **Permanently Delete**

Retention Period:  **30 days**

  - Personal tag:
Name:  **2 Year Delete**

Retention Action:  **Delete and Allow Recovery**

Retention Period:  **730 days**

  - Personal tag:
Name:  **Never archive**

Retention Action:  **Move to Archive**

Retention Period:  **Never**

2. Create the following retention policies for your organization:

  - Retention policy for Research users:
Name:  **Research MRM Policy**

Retention tags included:

-  **Research user 1 year move to archive**

-  **Never delete**

-  **2 year delete**

3. Apply the retention policy for Research users to Christie Thomas's mailbox.



#### Task 4: Configure content deletion and preservation policies
  
1. Return to the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center.

2. Access the  **Retention** page, and then select the option to manage document deletion policies for SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business.

3. On the  **Retention** page, configure a new policy by using the following settings:
Set the name as  **Marketing Document Policy**.

Create a new rule named  **Delete Messages at 7 years** that will permanently delete messages seven years after they are created.

Set the new rule as the default rule.

4. Assign the policy to  **Adatum Corp Team Site**.

5. On the  **Retention** page, create a new preservation policy as follows:
Type  **Retain contract details** as the policy name, and then click **Next**.

Make sure that the search locations include the Francisco Chavez mailbox.

Configure the policy to search for the word  **Contracts**.

Configure the policy to retain the content for seven years.



#### Task 5: Configure data loss prevention policy
  
1. In the navigation pane, navigate to  **Data loss prevention**.

2. Create a new DLP policy from a template with the following settings:

  - Information to protect:  **Custom**

  - DLP policy name:  **Test DLP policy**

  - Location:  **All locations in Office 365**

  - Types of sensitive information:  **Use advanced settings**

  - Sensitive information type:  **IP address**

  - Action:  **Restrict access to the content**

  - Condition:  **Content is shared with people outside the organization**

  - Configure the policy to send notifications and provide policy tips for users, and to be active immediately.



#### Task 6: Create compliance check content
  
1. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com** as **Beth@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**.

2. Send a new email to your new Microsoft account that you created for this course, with a subject of  **Server IP address** and a message body of **My IP is 192.168.1.15**.
Note: If you didn't create Microsoft account for this course, you can also use your private email address for this purpose.

3. Ensure that you received a message from Microsoft Outlook, telling you that your email message conflicts with a policy in your organization.
Note: You might have to click  **Other** in the middle pane to see the message. Also, sometimes it takes time for the message to arrive. You can proceed with other tasks.



#### Task 7: Validate the configuration
  
1. Sign in to Office 365 as  **Christie@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**.

2. Access Christie's mailbox, and then verify that she has an In-Place Archive.

3. Access Holly's mailbox and verify that she received a notification about the message that Beth tried to send to your Microsoft account.

4. Close all Microsoft Edge browser windows.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have implemented the following features in Office 365:

- Delegate rights in the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center.

- Enable archive mailboxes.

- Configure retention tags and policies.

- Configure content deletion and preservation policies.

- Configure DLP.



## Exercise 3: Configuring email protection
  
### Scenario
  
 You also need to explore the anti-spam and anti-virus settings that are available in Exchange Online. You need to:

- Configure a policy to ensure that an administrator account is notified when a message containing malware is received.

- Ensure that you can block all email from specified IP addresses.

- Ensure that all messages sent to the Sales shared mailbox are received, even when there is a high likelihood that the message is spam.

- Enable Advanced Threat Protection for users in the Sales department.


 The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure the malware filter

2. Configure the connection filter

3. Configure the spam filter

4. Enable Advanced Threat Protection



#### Task 1: Configure the malware filter
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, browse to  **malware filter** in **protection**.

2. Modify the default malware filter to:

  - Notify internal senders when a message is blocked

  - Notify  **Holly@ adatumxxyyy.onmicrosoft.com** when messages from internal or external senders are blocked



#### Task 2: Configure the connection filter
  
- On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, configure the default connection filter with the following settings:

  - IP Block list:  **192.168.0.0/24**

  -  **Enable safe list**



#### Task 3: Configure the spam filter
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, modify the default spam filter to quarantine high-confidence spam.

2. Create a new spam filter with the following settings:

  - Name:  **Projects spam policy**

  - Spam:  **Prepend subject line with text**

  - High confidence spam:  **Move message to Junk Email folder**

  - Prepend subject line with text Junk:

  - Applied to: members of the  **Projects** group



#### Task 4: Enable Advanced Threat Protection
  
- In the Exchange admin center, create a new safe attachments policy in advanced threats with the following settings:

  - Name:  **Projects policy**

  - Safe attachments unknown malware response:  **Replace - Block the attachments with detected malware, continue to deliver the message**

  - Applied to if:  **The recipient is a member of Projects**


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have explored the anti-spam and anti-virus settings that are available in Exchange Online.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting security and compliance
  
### Scenario
  
 As one of the troubleshooting measures for access issues on protected documents, you need to configure the super user feature on your Office 365 tenant and assign Holly as a super user. You also need to validate that the super user feature works.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure the super user feature for Azure Information Protection

2. Verifying access to protected document

3. Validating the super user feature



#### Task 1: Configure the super user feature for Azure Information Protection
  
1. Download the Azure Rights Management Tool from:  **https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30339**. Install the tool.

2. Open Microsoft Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell.

3. Use  **Enable-AadrmSuperUserFeature** to enable the super user feature.

4. Assign Holly as a super user by using  **Add-AadrmSuperUser**.

5. Verify that Holly is the only super user.

6. Sign out from  **LON-CL1**.



#### Task 2: Verifying access to protected document
  
1. Sign in as  **Adatum\Beth** to **LON-CL1**.

2. Open Word 2016, and then sign in as  **Beth@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**.

3. Type a text of your choice in the document.

4. Configure rights management protection on the document so that only Christie can read the document.

5. Save the protected document in the  **C:\LabFiles** folder on **LON-CL1**. Name the document as  **test.docx**.

6. Sign out from  **LON-CL1**.



#### Task 3: Validating the super user feature
  
1. Sign in as  **Adatum\Holly** to **LON-CL1**.

2. Open Word 2016, and then, if needed, sign in as  **Holly@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**.

3. Verify that you can open  **C:\LabFiles\test.docx**, because Holly is configured as a super user.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured the super user feature on your Office 365 tenant and assigned Holly as a super user.



## 
  
**Question** 
Why did you configure different anti-spam settings for members of the sales group?

**Question** 
What is the best approach to protect organizational financial data?



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  