# Lab Answer Key:  Module 3: Administering and troubleshooting directory synchronization and directory objects
# Lab: Administering directory synchronization, users, and groups in Office 365
  
## Exercise 1: Configuring Azure AD Connect
  
#### Task 1: Implement directory synchronization with Azure AD Connect
  
1. On the  **LON-DS1** computer, on the desktop, double-click **Azure AD Connect**.

2. On the  **Welcome to Azure AD Connect** page, select **I agree to the license terms and privacy notice**, and then click  **Continue**.

3. On the  **Express Settings** page, review the tasks that will be performed, and then click **Use express settings**.

4. On the  **Connect to Azure AD** page, type **holly@Adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** in **USERNAME** text box, type Holly's password in the **PASSWORD** text box, and then click **Next**.

5. On the  **Connect to AD DS** page, type **Adatum\Administrator** in the **USERNAME** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** in the **PASSWORD** text box, and then click **Next**.

6. On the  **Azure AD sign-in configuration** page, select **Continue without any verified domains**, and then click  **Next**.

7. On the  **Ready to configure** page, click **Install**.

8. After Azure AD Connect configuration completes, click  **Exit**, and then wait for 4-5 minutes for the initial synchronization to finish.

9. Open Internet Explorer on  **LON-DS1**, and then navigate to  **https://portal.office.com**. Sign in as  **holly@Adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** with Holly's password.

10. Click  **Admin**, navigate to  **Users**, and then click  **Active users**.

11. Verify that you can see users from your on-premises AD DS. These users will have the  **Synced with Active Directory** value in the **Sync Type** column.

12. Minimize the Internet Explorer window that has the Office 365 admin center open.



#### Task 2: Run the Azure AD Connect wizard to modify sync options
  
1. On the  **LON-DS1** computer, double-click the **Azure AD Connect** icon on the desktop.

2. In the  **Microsoft Azure Active Directory Connect** window, click **Configure**.

3. On the  **Additional tasks** page, click **View current configuration**, and then click  **Next**.

4. On the  **Review Your Solution** page, review the configured options for directory synchronization. These options were configured when initial synchronization was performed in previous task.

5. Click the  **Previous** button.

6. On the  **Additional tasks** page, click **Customize synchronization options**, and then click  **Next**.

7. On the  **Connect to Azure AD** page, type **holly@adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** in the **USERNAME** field, type Holly's password in the **PASSWORD** field, and then click **Next**.

8. On the  **Connect your directories** page, verify that **Adatum.com (Active Directory)** is listed as the configured directory, and then click **Next**.

9. On the  **Domain and OU filtering** page, select **Sync selected domain and OUs**, and then expand  **Adatum**. **com**. Select only the  **IT**,  **Marketing** and **Managers** organizational units (OUs), deselect others, and then click **Next**.

10. On the  **Optional features** page, review the selected options. Verify that only **Password synchronization** is selected. Select **Password writeback**, and then click  **Next**.

11. On the  **Ready to configure** page, click **Configure**. Wait until the process of configuration completes. This should take few minutes.

12. On the  **Configuration complete** page, click **Exit**. Wait 4-5 minutes until synchronization completes.



#### Task 3: Configure synchronization services for OUs and object attributes
  
1. On  **LON-DS1**, click  **Start**, expand the  **Azure AD Connect** folder, and then click **Synchronization Service**.

2. In the  **Synchronization Service Manager on LON-DS1** window, on the **Operations** tab, verify that the tasks listed are successful. Note: Some tasks might have in-progress status which is normal if synchronization is in progress. Also, some tasks might appear as Completed-export-errors and completed-no-objects. Wait until synchronization is completed before proceeding to the next step.

3. Click the  **Connectors** tab.

4. In the  **Connectors** tab, double-click **Adatum.com**.

5. In the  **Properties** dialog box, click **Configure Directory Partitions**.

6. Click  **Containers**.

7. In the  **Credentials** dialog box, enter the following credentials, and then click **OK**:

  - User name:  **Administrator**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum.com**

8. In the  **Select Containers** dialog box, select the **Development** check box, and then click **OK**.

9. Click  **Select Object Types** in the left navigation menu.

10. In the list of object types, select  **device**.

11. On the navigation menu on the left, click  **Select Attributes**.

12. In the list of attributes, select the  **secretary** and **street** attributes.

13. To close the  **Properties** dialog window, click **OK**.

14. On  **LON-DS1**, open the  **Start** screen, expand the **Azure AD Connect** folder, and then click **Synchronization Rules Editor**.

15. In  **Synchronization Rules Editor**, in  **Direction**, select  **Inbound**, and then click  **Add new rule**.

16. In the  **Create inbound synchronization rule** dialog box, in the **Name** text box, type **In from AD - User DoNotSyncFilter**.

17. In the  **Connected System** drop-down list, select **Adatum.com**.

18. In the  **Connected System Object Type** drop-down list, select **user**.

19. In the  **Metaverse Object Type** drop-down list, select **person**.

20. In the  **Link Type** drop-down list, select **Join**.

21. In the  **Precedence** text box, type **50**.

22. Click  **Next**.

23. In the  **Create inbound synchronization rule** dialog box, on the **Scoping filter** tab, click **Add Group**, and then click  **Add Clause**.

24. In the  **Add scoping filters** form:

  - In the  **Attribute** drop-down list, select **msDS-cloudExtensionAttribute15**.

  - In the  **Operator** drop-down list, select **EQUAL**.

  - In the  **Value** text box, type **NoSync**.

25. Click  **Next**.

26. On the **Add join rules** page, click **Next**.

27. On the **Add transformations** page, click **Add transformation**.

28. In the  **FlowType** drop-down list, select **Constant**.

29. In the  **Target Attribute** drop-down list, select **cloudFiltered**.

30. In the  **Source** text box, type **True**.

31. To save the rule, click  **Add**, and then close the  **Synchronization Rules Editor** window.

32. Open Windows PowerShell from the  **Start** menu. In Windows PowerShell, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Initial
  ```

>  **Note:** This command will manually start synchronization process between AD DS and Azure AD. If you get an error when executing this command, type **Import-Module "C:\Program Files\Microsoft Azure AD Sync\Bin\ADSync\ADSync.psd1"**, press **Enter** and then repeat Start-ADSyncSyncCycle command.

>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured Azure AD Connect.


## Exercise 2: Managing Office 365 users and groups by using the Office 365 admin center
  
#### Task 1: Assign and manage licenses for users
  
1. In the Office 365 admin portal, in the  **Active users** list, select **Abbi Skinner**.

2. In the right pane, click  **Edit** in the **Product licenses** section.

3. On the  **Product licenses** page, in the **Location** drop-down list, select **United Kingdom**.

4. Enable the  **Office 365 Enterprise E5** license.

5. Review all enabled features in this license plan.

6. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

7. Repeat steps 1 to 6 for  **Ada Russell**,  **Adam Hobbs**, and  **Beth Burke**.

8. In the  **Active users** list, click **Ada Russell**.

9. In the right pane, click  **Edit** in the **Product licenses** section.

10. Disable the following features:  **Microsoft Teams, Sway** and **Flow for Office 365**.

11. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.



#### Task 2: Create Office 365 groups
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, click  **Home**.

2. On the navigation menu, point to  **Groups**, click  **Groups**, and then click  **Add a group**.

3. On the  **New Group** page, in the **Type** drop-down box, click **Security group**, and in the  **Name** text box, type **Sales**.

4. In the  **Description** text box, type **Sales department users**, click  **Add**, and then click  **Close**.

5. Select the  **Sales** group, and then on the **Sales** page, next to **Members**, click  **Edit**.

6. Click  **Add members**, click  **Lindsey Gates**, click  **Christie Thomas**, click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** three times.

7. Click  **Add a group**.

8. On the  **New Group** page, in the **Type** drop-down box, click **Office 365 group**, and then in the  **Name** text box, type **Accounts**.

9. In the  **Description** text box, type **Accounts department users**.

10. In the  **Privacy** drop-down list, select **Private - Only members can see group content**.

11. Click  **Select owner**. Select  **Abbi Skinner**.

12. Click  **Add**, and then click  **Close**.

13. Select the  **Accounts** group, and then on the **Accounts** page, next to **Members**, click  **Edit**.

14. Click  **Add members**, click  **Francisco Chaves**, click  **Sallie McIntosh**, click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** three times.



#### Task 3: Manage Office 365 groups
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, verify that you can see groups that are synced with your on-premises Active Directory and that you can see the following groups created in cloud:

  -  **Sales**

  -  **Accounts**

2. In the  **Groups** list, select the **Sales** group, and then on the **Sales** page, next to **Members**, click  **Edit**.

3. Click  **Add members**, click  **Amy Santiago**, click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** three times.

4. Open the  **Sales details** page, and ensure that **Amy Santiago** now appears in the **Members** list.

5. Click  **Delete group**.

6. On the  **Delete group** page, click **Delete**, and then click  **Close**.

7. On the navigation menu, point to  **Users**, and then click  **Active users**.

8. Confirm that the  **Amy Santiago** account still exists in the list of users.

9. Leave the browser window open.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have created users and groups in Office 365 and managed user licenses.


## Exercise 3: Managing Office 365 password policies
  
#### Task 1: Configure the Office 365 password policy
  
1. On the navigation menu in the Office 365 admin portal, point to  **Settings**, and then click  **Security &amp; privacy**.

2. In the  **Password policy** area, click **Edit**.

3. On the  **Password policy** page, in the **Days before passwords expire** text box, type **14**.
>  **Note:** You would not do this in the real world. This is a classroom example that allows you to verify the policy applied in the next exercise task.
4. In the  **Days before a user is notified about expiration** box, leave the default value of **14**, and then click  **Save**.

5. Verify that the  **Password policy has been updated** message appears at the top of the page, and then click **Close**.

6. Close Internet Explorer.



#### Task 2: Validate the password policy
  
1. Open Internet Explorer, and then browse to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in as  **Lindsey@Adatum _yyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**, with the temporary password you noted before.

3. On the  **Update your password** page, type the temporary password in the **Current password** text box, type a new password in the **New password** and **Confirm password** text boxes, and then click **Update password and sign in**.

4. On the upper-right side of the window, verify that the notification appears with the following information:  **Time to change your password. Your password will expire in 13 days.**
>  **Note:** It might take a several minutes before the password change notification appears. You can safely proceed with other tasks in this lab even if you don't get notification.
>  **Note:** You have now verified that your password policy is applied. In a real-world scenario, after you verified that the password policy was applied, you would need to increase the number of days before the password expired, according to your organizational policy.
5. Close Internet Explorer window.



#### Task 3: Configure Office 365 multi-factor authentication
  
1. Open Internet Explorer, and then browse to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum _yyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**, where  _yyxxxxx_ is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

3. In the Microsoft Office 365 portal, click  **Admin**.

4. On the  **Home** page, on the navigation menu, point to **Settings**, and then click  **Services &amp; add-ins**.

5. On the  **Services &amp; add-ins** page, click **Azure multi-factor authentication**.

6. On the  **Azure multi-factor authentication** page, click **Manage multi-factor authentication**.

7. On the  **multi-factor authentication** page, select the **Amy Santiago** check box, and then click **Enable**.

8. In the  **About enabling multi-factor auth** pop-up, click **enable multi-factor auth**, and then click  **close**.

9. On the  **multi-factor authentication** page, click **service settings**.

10. Under  **verification options**, clear the  **Call to phone** check box, and then select the **Allow users to remember multi-factor authentication on devices they trust** option.

11. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close**.

12. Close Internet Explorer.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured the Office 365 password policy and validated the policy.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting synchronization issues with user objects in Office 365
  
#### Task 1: Produce a problem
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, click Start, type  **powershell** and then click Windows PowerShell.

2. In the Windows PowerShell prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  CD C:\labfiles\Mod03\
  ```

3. At the Windows PowerShell prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted
  ```

4. Type  **Y** and then press Enter.

5. At the Windows PowerShell prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  .\Mod3_CreateProblem.ps1
  ```

>  **Note:** Wait until the script completes and notice the following changes.
This Windows PowerShell script will make the following changes in AD DS:

  - Klemen Sic. Adds the "@" character to the beginning of "adatum" for the  **UserPrincipalName** attribute.

  - Lara Raisic. Replaces the existing email with "lara@adatum.com?" for the  **emailAddress** attribute.

  - Logan Boyle. Replaces the existing string with "logan@adatum.com@" for the  **emailAddress** attribute.

  - Maj Hojski. Replaces the existing string with " " for the  **emailAddress** attribute.



#### Task 2: Resolve synchronization issues
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as Adatum\Administrator with password Pa55w.rd.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=36832**.

3. On the  **IdFix DirSync Error Remediation Tool** page, click **Download**. Click  **Save**.

4. Wait for the download to complete.

5. In the File Explorer window, browse to the  **Downloads** folder, right-click **IdFix.zip**, and then click  **Extract All**.

6. In the  **Extract Compressed (Zipped) Folders** dialog box, in the destination box, type **C:\Deployment Tools\IdFix**, and then click  **Extract**.

7. In File Explorer, in the  **C:\Deployment Tools\IdFix** folder, right-click **IdFix**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

8. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

9. In the  **IdFix Privacy Statement** message box, click **OK**.

10. Click  **Query**. You should see several errors.

11. Click the  **ERROR** column to sort the character errors to the top of the list.
>  **Note:** Ignore top-level domain errors, which cannot be fixed by the IdFix tool.
12. In the  **Klemen Sic** row, verify the proposed solution in the **UPDATE** column, and then in the **ACTION** column, select **EDIT**.

13. In the  **Lara Raisic** row, verify the proposed solution in the **UPDATE** column, and then in the **ACTION** column, select **EDIT**.

14. In the  **Logan Boyle** row, verify the proposed solution in the **UPDATE** column, and then in the **ACTION** column, select **EDIT**. In the  **Update** column for **Logan Boyle**, type  **Logan@adatum.com**.

15. In the  **Maj Hojski** row, verify the proposed solution in the **UPDATE** column, and then in the **ACTION** column, select **EDIT**.

16. On the toolbar, click  **Apply**.

17. In the  **Apply Pending** dialog box, click **Yes**. Notice the  **COMPLETE** status in the **ACTION** column, which indicates successful writes.

18. Switch to File Explorer, and in the  **C:\Deployment Tools\IdFix** folder, double-click **Verbose &lt;date&gt; &lt;time&gt;.txt** to view the updated transactions in the transaction log.

19. Switch back to the IdFix tool.

20. On the toolbar, click  **Query**.

21. Click in the  **UPDATE** column to locate the **Maj Hojski** error, replace the string with **maj@adatum.com**, and then in the  **ACTION** column, select **EDIT**.

22. On the toolbar, click  **Apply**.

23. In the  **Apply Pending** dialog box, click **Yes**.

24. On the toolbar, click  **Query**, and then verify that the errors are corrected. If you see other errors present, correct them using the same method.

>  **Note:** Where there are format and duplicate errors for distinguished names, the **UPDATE** column either contains the same string as the **VALUE** column, or the **UPDATE** column entry is blank; in either case, this means that IdFix cannot suggest a remediation for the error. You can either fix these errors outside of IdFix or manually remediate them within IdFix. You can also export the results and use Windows PowerShell to remediate a large number of errors.

>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have troubleshot synchronization issues with user objects in Office 365.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  
