# Module 7: Planning and deploying Office 365 ProPlus
# Lab: Managing Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
### Scenario
  
 Most users in your organization are using Office 2013 on their desktops. As part of the Office 365 pilot project, you would like to upgrade the clients to Office 365 ProPlus to take advantage of the new features available in Office 2016.

The project steering committee has not yet decided whether they will allow users to install Office 365 ProPlus, or whether they will use a centralized installation mechanism. As part of the pilot project, you must evaluate each option for deploying and managing Office 365 ProPlus.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Prepare an Office 365 ProPlus managed installation.

- Manage user-driven Office 365 ProPlus installations.

- Manage centralized Office 365 ProPlus installations.

- Troubleshoot Office 365 ProPlus installations.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 60 minutes

Virtual machines:  **10997A-LON-CL1**,  **10997A-LON-CL2**,  **10997A-LON-CL3**,  **10997A-LON-DC1**, and  **10997A-LON-DS1**

 User name:  **Adatum\\Administrator**,  **Adatum\\Holly**, and  **Adatum\\Beth**

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 This lab requires the following virtual machines (use only the VMs required for your lab):

- LON-DC1

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Administrator** by using **Pa55w.rd **as the password

- LON-DS1

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Administrator** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password

- LON-CL1

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password

- LON-CL2

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** by using **Pa55w.rd** the password

- LON-CL3

  - Sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password


 In all tasks:

- Where you see references to Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com, replace ***yyxxxxx*** with your unique Adatum number, that you choose in Lab 1 - Exercise 1, Task 1.



## Exercise 1: Preparing Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
### Scenario
  
 One of the Office 365 ProPlus installation options you are evaluating is using a managed deployment. To start, you will download and install the Office Deployment Tool, and start the download for Office 365 ProPlus.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Download the Office 365 Deployment Tool

2. Modify an Office 365 ProPlus installation



#### Task 1: Download the Office 365 Deployment Tool
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, create a network shared folder at the root of the C: drive with the name  **Office16**. All users should have  **Read Only** rights.

2. Start  **Microsoft Edge**, browse to  **https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=49117** and download the **Office 2016 Deployment Tool** software.

3. Review the settings and options of the  **Office Deployment Tool** before downloading it.

4. Run the  **Office Deployment Tool** install.

5. Install to the  **Office16** shared folder.

6. Confirm that the files have successfully installed.



#### Task 2: Modify an Office 365 ProPlus installation
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, back up the  **configuration.xml** file in the **C:\\Office 16** folder created earlier by saving another copy.

2. Using  **Notepad**, open the  **configuration.xml** file and edit the first **Add** line after **&lt;Configuration&gt;** to read **&lt;Add SourcePath="\\\\LON-CL1\\Office16\\" OfficeClientEdition="32" Channel="Current"&gt;**.

3. Remove all comments from the code.

4. Comment out the  **VisioProRetail** from the code Visio with the **&lt;!-- --&gt;** code and save the file as **AdatumConfiguration.xml**.

5. From  **File Explorer**, open a command window in C:\\Office16.

6. Type  **Setup /?** to see options available.

7. Run the command  **setup.exe /download \\\\LON-CL1\\Office16\\AdatumConfiguration.xml** to start the download of **Office 365 ProPlus**.

8. Verify that the download has started in  **File Explorer**.


>  **Result**: You will have downloaded a copy of the Microsoft Office 365 ProPlus install for managed deployment to a shared folder. You will also have downloaded and installed the Office Deployment Tool on the same machine.


## Exercise 2: Managing user-driven Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
### Scenario
  
 As part of the pilot project, you must understand the process of installing Office 365 ProPlus directly from the Office 365 portal and explore options for managing the installation. You must also explore options for managing the installation. A. Datum Corporation plans to use a combination of user-driven and managed deployments, depending on the employment relationships and working practices of individual users. Associates, those who have brought their own devices, and remote employees will all install Office 365 ProPlus manually from the Office 365 website. Holly, the administrator, will then determine what happens to users when she activates and deactivates Office 365 ProPlus subscriptions. She will also explore the different ways licensing affects the user.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Managing user rights to install Office 365 ProPlus

2. Installing Office 365 ProPlus from the Office 365 portal

3. Managing Office licenses

4. Reactivating Office 365 ProPlus



#### Task 1: Managing user rights to install Office 365 ProPlus
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, connect to the  **Office 365 admin center** as **Holly** by using Beth's password to assign various combinations of licensing to Office 365 users.

2. Edit user  **Abbi Skinner** by removing the **Office 365 ProPlus** option.

3. Edit user  **Catherine Richard** and assign an **Office 365 Enterprise E5** license using **United Kingdom **as the location.

4. In the Office 365 admin center, on the  **Settings** menu, access the **Apps** page.

5. On the  **Software download settings** page, disable downloads for Office 2016.

6. Sign out, and then sign in as Abbi Skinner by using the username  **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** and Abbi's password.

7. Access Abbi's Office 365 settings and verify that she does not have the option to install the Office 365 apps.

8. Sign out as Abbi Skinner, and then sign in as  **Beth** by using the username **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** and Beth's password.

9. Navigate to the  **Office 365 settings** page, and then click **Install software**.

10. Note that the users looked similar, but Abbi is not assigned a license. Beth has a license, but Holly deactivated version 2016 for all users.

11. Before signing out, verify that  **Phone &amp; tablet** apps are available.

12. Sign out as Beth and close the browser.

13. Open a new browser, and then sign in to the Office 365 environment by using the administrator Holly's credentials and password.

14. Go back to the  **Office 365 admin center** and enable downloads for Office 2016.

15. Sign out of Office 365 as Holly and sign in as Abbi.

16. Verify that Abbi does not have any software to install, due to licensing.

17. Switch to  **LON-CL2** and sign in as Beth.

18. Open a browser and go to  **https://portal.office.com**.

19. Sign in as Beth and navigate to the  **Install software** page.

20. Do not install, but notice what is available.

21. Notice how to change from 32-bit to 64-bit options on the  **Office 365 ProPlus** advanced menu.

22. You will install the software in the next lab.



#### Task 2: Installing Office 365 ProPlus from the Office 365 portal
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, on the  **Office 365** portal, select the appropriate language and version, and then install on the local computer.

2. Accept licensing agreements and decline reporting options.

3. Check on the status of the download from the taskbar.

4. When installed, open  **Word 2016** from the Windows start menu.

5. In  **Word**, in the upper-right corner, switch accounts by signing out as Beth and adding the account for Holly.

6. Create a document with some content and save to an  **Adatum Publishing Team Site** folder in the **Documents** folder with the file name **Meeting Agenda**.

7. Switch back to Beth's Office 365 session in the browser.

8. Notice the new option of  **Manage installs** on the **Install software** page.

9. Check the  **Tools &amp; add-ins** page to see what is installable.



#### Task 3: Managing Office licenses
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, sign in as  **Holly Spencer**, the administrator.

2. From the  **Office 365 admin center**, disable Beth Burke's license to Office 365 ProPlus.

3. Sign out of  **Office 365** as Holly and sign in as Beth.

4. Navigate to the  **Install software** page to confirm that Office is no longer available for download. What will happen to the Office software that is already installed?



#### Task 4: Reactivating Office 365 ProPlus
  
- On  **LON-CL2**, sign in to Office 365 as Holly, the administrator, and then reactivate Beth Burke's Office 365 ProPlus software license.


>  **Result**: When completed, you should be able to activate Office 365 ProPlus for self-service installations. You should also be able to set licensing options correctly for end users so that deployment and installation is possible.


## Exercise 3: Managing centralized Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
### Scenario
  
 In addition to the user-driven installations, you must also evaluate by using a centralized means to install Office 365 ProPlus.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure a GPO to distribute the custom installation

2. Verify the installation



#### Task 1: Configure a GPO to distribute the custom installation
  
1. Using an administrative sign-in on the  **LON-DC1** server, use **Server Manager** tools to create a new OU named **Adatum\_Computers**.

2. Move  **LON-CL3** to the new OU.

3. Open  **Group Policy Management** from **Server Manager**.

4. Create a GPO linked to the newly created  **Adatum\_Computers** OU.

5. Name the GPO  **DeployO365**.

6. By using the  **Group Policy Management Editor**, expand  **Policies**, expand  **Windows Settings**, and then open  **Scripts (Startup/Shutdown)**.

7. Create a new text document with the following line:  **\\\\LON-CL1\\Office16\\setup.exe /configure \\\\LON-CL1\\Office16\\AdatumConfiguration.xml**.

8. Save the file as  **DeployO365.cmd**.

9. In  **Group Policy Management Editor**, in the  **Startup Properties** dialog box, add a script.

10. Add the  **DeployO365.cmd** file, and then click **OK**.

11. Sign out of  **LON-DC1**.

>  **Note:** Where and how do you think this might start up?


#### Task 2: Verify the installation
  
1. On  **LON-CL3**, sign in as Beth Burke.

2. Open a command prompt and run  **gpupdate /force**.

3. Restart  **LON-CL3**.

4. Wait five minutes after the restart to allow the Group Policy settings to take effect.

5. Sign in as Beth and navigate to the start menu.

6. Verify that **Microsoft Office 2016 Tools** folder installed.

7. Open  **Word 2016** and activate with Beth's Office 365 credentials.

8. In the  **First things first** dialog box, click **No thanks**, click  **Accept**, and then close the dialog box.

9. Open a blank document, type some text, and then save it.

10. In  **Task Manager**, check the processes, details, and services for  **Click-to-Run**.

11. Close all open programs.

12. Sign out of  **LON-CL3**.

13. Switch to  **LON-CL2** and sign out of **LON-CL2**.


>  **Result**: You will have enabled centralized managed deployment of Office 365 ProPlus and implemented a standardized Microsoft Office configuration by using one version of Office.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting Office 365 ProPlus deployments
  
### Scenario
  
 One user, Beth Burke, reports that Office 365 ProPlus is no longer installed on her primary computer, and when she goes to the Office 365 portal to install the software, it is not available. One of her colleagues, Abbi, uses another computer. That computer also does not have Office 365 ProPlus installed. Abbi explains that the installation previously was done automatically.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Produce a problem

2. Identify a problem

3. Troubleshoot a problem

4. Prepare for the next module



#### Task 1: Produce a problem
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign out as  **Adatum\\Holly**.

2. Sign in as  **Adatum\\Administrator** with a password of **Pa55w.rd**.

3. In an administrative Windows PowerShell window, run the  **C:\\labfiles\\mod07\\Mod7\_CreateProblem.ps1** Windows PowerShell script.

4. When prompted, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Holly's password.

5. Please wait 10 minutes after the script is finished before proceeding with the next lab task.



#### Task 2: Identify a problem
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** by using **Pa55w.rd **as the password.

2. Start  **Word 2016**.

3. Click  **No** to remove the shortcut.

4. Open a browser and go to  **https://portal.office.com**.

5. Sign in as Beth and navigate to the  **Install software** page.

6. Notice that Beth only can install Skype for Business.

7. Sign out of  **LON-CL2**.

8. Switch to  **LON-CL3**.

9. On  **LON-CL3**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** by using **Pa55w.rd **as the password.

10. Verify that Office 365 ProPlus is no longer installed on the device.



#### Task 3: Troubleshoot a problem
  
1. Attempt to resolve the problems by using your knowledge of the Office 365 ProPlus configuration settings.

2. If you are unable to resolve the problem, escalate it by asking your instructor for additional guidance.



#### Task 4: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, close all open windows and keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this lab, you will be able to resolve Office 365 ProPlus issues.



## 
  
**Question** 
Why do you need to edit the configuration.xml file when preparing to use managed deployments of Office 365 ProPlus?

**Question** 
How can you verify that the Click-to-Run service is running?



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  