# Lab Answer Key:  Module 4: Administering and troubleshooting Exchange Online
# Lab: Administering and troubleshooting Exchange Online
  
## Exercise 1: Configuring and administering Exchange Online Recipients
  
#### Task 1: Manage a user mailbox
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge.

2. In the address bar, type  **https://portal.office.com/**, and then press Enter.

3. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

4. On the  **Office 365 home** page, click **Admin**.

5. In the Office 365 admin center, on the  **Admin centers** menu, click **Exchange**.

6. In the Exchange admin center, click  **recipients**.

7. Double-click  **Amy Santiago**.

8. Click the email address tab. Verify the email addresses assigned to the user.

9. Click mailbox features. Scroll down to  **IMAP:Enabled**, and then click  **Disable**.

10. In the  **Warning** window, click **Yes**.

11. Scroll down to  **Archiving:Disabled** and click **Enable**. Click  **View details**.

12. In the  **archive mailbox** window, in the **Name** text box, type **AmyArchive**. Click  **OK**, and then click  **Save**.



#### Task 2: Create groups and assign mailboxes
  
1. In the Exchange admin center, click  **recipients**, and then on the toolbar, click  **groups**.

2. Click the arrow icon located beside the  **+** icon, and then select **Distribution group**.

3. In the  **new distribution group** window, in the **Display name** text box, type **DLGroup1**. Type the same value in the **Alias** text box.

4. In the  **Email address** text box, type **dlgroup1**.

5. Scroll down and select **Closed: Members can be added only by the group owners. All requests to join will be rejected automatically.** and select **Open: Anyone can leave this group without being approved by the group owners.**

6. Click **Save**.

7. In the Exchange admin center window, double click **DLGroup1**.

8. In the  **DLGroup1** window, click **membership**.

9. Click  **+** icon.

10. Add users  **Adam Hobbs**,  **Ada Russell**, and  **Amy Santiago**, and then click  **OK**.

11. Click the  **group delegation** tab.

12. In the  **Send on Behalf** section, click the **+** icon.

13. Select the  **Amy Santiago** user, click **add**, and then click  **OK**.

14. In the  **DLGroup1** window, click **Save**.

15. Leave the  **Microsoft Edge** browser window open.



#### Task 3: Create a shared mailbox
  
1. Ensure that the Exchange admin center is open.

2. If necessary, click  **recipients**, and then click  **shared**.

3. Click  **New**.

4. In the  **new shared mailbox** window, in the **Display name** text box, type **Projects**.

5. In the  **Email address** text box, type **projects**.

6. In the  **Users** section, click the **+** icon.

7. From the  **users** list, select **Ada Russell** and **Abbi Skinner**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

8. Click  **Save**.

9. In the Microsoft Edge window, open a new InPrivate window, and then browse to  **portal.office.com**.

10. Sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, by using the password assigned to Ada's account.

11. On the  **Office 365 home** page, click **Mail**. On the  **Language and Time zone** page, select **(UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US&amp;Canada)**, and then click  **Save**.

12. In the  **Outlook** window, in the right-upper corner, click **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Open another mailbox**.

13. In the  **Open another mailbox** window, type **Projects**, and then click  **Open**.

14. Verify that you can open the  **Projects** shared mailbox.

15. Close the Microsoft Edge window.



#### Task 4: Connect to Exchange Online with Windows PowerShell
  
1. On the desktop of  **LON-CL1**, right-click  **Windows Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

2. At the  **User Account Control** prompt, click **Yes**.

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  $credential = Get-Credential
  ```

4. In the  **Enter Credentials** dialog box, in the **User name** box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

5. In the  **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **OK**.

6. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Connect-MsolService -Credential $credential
  ```

7. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  $exchangeSession = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri "https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/" -Credential $credential -Authentication "Basic" -AllowRedirection
  ```

8. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Import-PSSession $exchangeSession -DisableNameChecking
  ```

9. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Get-Mailbox
  ```

>  **Note:** This command returns the list of mailboxes and verifies that you can connect to your Office 365 subscription.

10. Leave the Windows PowerShell window open.



#### Task 5: Create resource mailboxes
  
1. In the Microsoft Edge window, where you are signed in as Holly, in the Exchange Admin center, in  **recipients**, click  **resources**.

2. On  **LON-CL1**, in the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  New-Mailbox -Name "Conference Room" -Room
  ```

>  **Note:** If you get a warning about replication failure for new mailbox, wait 4-5 minutes before proceeding to the next step.

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-CalendarProcessing "Conference Room" -AutomateProcessing AutoAccept
  ```

4. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  New-Mailbox -Name "Demonstration Laptop" -Equipment
  ```

>  **Note:** If you get a warning about replication failure for new mailbox, wait 4-5 minutes before proceeding to the next step.

5. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-CalendarProcessing "Demonstration Laptop" -AutomateProcessing AutoAccept
  ```

>  **Note:** If you receive an error when running the **Set-CalendarProcessing** cmdlet for either of these objects, wait a few moments and repeat.

6. Switch to Microsoft Edge, and then in the Exchange Admin center, click  **Refresh**. You should be able to see both resources.

7. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-Mailbox "Conference Room" -ResourceCapacity "25"
  ```

8. Switch to Microsoft Edge, and then in the Exchange Admin center, click  **Conference Room**. You should be able to see the  **Capacity** you configured in the details pane on the right. If not, click **Refresh**.

9. Leave the Windows PowerShell window and the Microsoft Edge window open.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have created and configured Microsoft Exchange Online recipients.


## Exercise 2: Configuring delegated administration
  
#### Task 1: Assign users to built-in role groups
  
1. In the Exchange admin center, click  **permissions**.

2. On the  **admin roles** tab, click **Organization Management**, and then click  **Edit**.

3. In the  **Role Group** window, under **Members**, click the  **+** icon.

4. In the  **Select Members** window, click **Ada Russell**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

5. In the  **Role Group** window, click **Save**.



#### Task 2: Create a new admin role and assign a user to it
  
1. Switch to Windows PowerShell.

2. On  **LON-CL1**, in the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following commands, and then press Enter after each command:

  ```
  Enable-OrganizationCustomization
  ```

  ```
  New-RoleGroup -Name BranchOfficeAdmins -roles "Mail Recipients", "Distribution Groups", "Move Mailboxes", "Mail Recipient Creation"
  ```

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Add-RoleGroupMember "BranchOfficeAdmins" -Member Amy
  ```

4. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Get-RoleGroupMember "BranchOfficeAdmins"
  ```

5. Switch to Microsoft Edge, and then in the Exchange admin center, click  **Refresh**. Ensure that you can see the new  **BranchOffice Admin**s role group.

6. Double-click the  **BranchOffice Admins** role.

7. In the  **BranchOffice Admins** window, review the **Roles** section.

8. Review the  **Members** section and ensure that **Amy** is added as a member.

9. Click  **Cancel**.



#### Task 3: Create a new role assignment policy
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, in the Exchange Admin center, click  **user roles**.

2. Switch to Windows PowerShell.

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  New-RoleAssignmentPolicy "Limited Mailbox Configuration" -Roles MyBaseOptions,MyAddressInformation,MyDisplayName
  ```

4. To change the default role assignment policy for new mailboxes, in the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-RoleAssignmentPolicy "Limited Mailbox Configuration" -IsDefault
  ```

5. When prompted, type  **Y**, and then press Enter.

6. In the Exchange admin center, click  **Refresh**. You can see the new role assignment policy.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have configured delegated administration of your Exchange Online organization.


## Exercise 3: Configuring client access policies
  
#### Task 1: Configure Outlook Web App policies
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, click  **permissions**, and then click  **Outlook Web App policies**.

2. Click  **New**.

3. In the new  **Outlook Web App mailbox policy** window, in the **Policy name** box, type **Limited features**.

4. Clear the following check boxes:

  -  **Instant messaging**

  -  **Text messaging**

  -  **Unified messaging**

  -  **LinkedIn contact sync**

  -  **Journaling**

5. Under  **Private computer or OWA for devices**, clear the  **Direct file access** check box, and then click **Save**.

6. Click  **recipients**, click  **mailboxes,** click **Abbi Skinner**, and then click  **Edit**.

7. In the  **Abbi Skinner** window, click **mailbox features**.

8. Under  **Email Connectivity**, click  **View details**.

9. In the  **Outlook Web App mailbox policy** window, click **Browse**, click  **Limited features**, click  **OK**, and then click  **Save**.

10. In the  **Abbi Skinner** window, click **Save**.

11. Sign out from  **LON-CL1** and sign in as **Adatum\\Holly**. On  **LON-CL1**, click  **Start**, type  **Outlook**, and then click  **Outlook 2016**. Click  **Next** twice.

12. On the  **Auto Account Setup** page, in **Your Name** field, type **Holly**, in the  **Email Address** field, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, and in the  **Password** fields, type Holly's password. Click  **Next**.
If prompted, in the  **Windows Security** dialog box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and Holly's password. Click  **Finish**. Close the Activation Wizard if it appears. On the  **First things first** page, select **Ask me later**, and then click  **Accept**.

13. Click  **New Email**.

14. In the  **new email** window, in the **To** box, type **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Check Names**.

15. In the  **Subject** box, type **Attachment Test**.

16. On the ribbon, click  **Attach File**, and then click  **Browse This PC**.

17. In the  **Insert File** window, browse to **C:\\Windows\\Logs\\DISM**, click  **dism**, and then click  **Insert**.

18. Click  **Send**.

19. Open a new InPrivate window, navigate to  **portal.office.com** and sign in as **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Abbi's password. Click  **Mail**.

20. On the  **Outlook** page, select your time zone, and then click **Save**.

21. Read the new  **Attachment Test** message.

22. Click the message attachment.

23. Click  **OK** to close the message, indicating that you do not have permission to download files.

>  **Note:** In some cases, it may take a few minutes for the new Outlook Web App mailbox policy to take effect.


#### Task 2: Configure mobile device access
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, click  **mobile**, and then click  **mobile device access**.

2. Click  **edit**.

3. In the  **Exchange ActiveSync access settings** window, click **Quarantine - Let me decide to block or allow later**.

4. Under  **Quarantine Notification Email Messages**, click  **Add**, click  **Holly Spencer**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

5. In the  **Exchange ActiveSync access settings** window, click **Save**.



#### Task 3: Configure a mailbox policy for mobile devices
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, on the  **mobile** menu, click **mobile device mailbox policies**.

2. Click  **Default (default)**, and then click  **Edit**.

3. In the  **Default** window, click **security**, and then select the  **Require a password** check box.

4. Select the  **Allow simple passwords** check box.

5. Select the  **Minimum password length** check box, enter a value of **4**, and then click  **Save**.

6. Leave the Microsoft Edge window with Exchange admin center open.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have configured client access policies.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting Exchange Online
  
#### Task 1: Generate a problem
  
1. On the desktop of  **LON-CL1**, right-click  **Windows Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

2. At the  **User Account Control** prompt, click **Yes**.

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, type **cd C:\\Labfiles\\Mod04** and then press Enter.

4. Type  **.\\Mod4\_CreateProblem.ps1**, and then press Enter.

5. In the  **Enter Credentials** dialog box, in the **User name** box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

6. In the  **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **OK**.

7. Wait until you get command prompt back and then close the  **Windows PowerShell** window.



#### Task 2: Identify and resolve issues
  
1. Open a new  **InPrivate** window in Microsoft Edge and navigate to **portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in to Office 365 as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Ada's password.

3. On the  **Office 365 home** page, click **Mail**.
You should not be able to access your mailbox by using Outlook on the web. Leave that window open.

4. Switch to Microsoft Edge window where you are signed in as Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number. 

5. In the Exchange admin center, click  **recipients**, and then in the  **mailboxes** list, double-click **Ada Russell**.

6. In the  **Ada Russell** window, click **mailbox features**.

7. In the  **Email Connectivity** section, verify the value for Outlook on the web. It should be set to **Disabled**.

8. Click  **Enable**, and then click  **Save**.

9. Switch back to the Microsoft Edge window where you are signed in as  **Ada**. Click the  **Mail** icon. You should be able to open Outlook on the web now.

>  **Note:** You might need to wait for a few minutes.

10. In the  **Outlook** window, in the right-upper corner, click **Ada Russell**, and then click  **Open another mailbox**.

11. In the  **Open another mailbox** window, type **Projects**, and then click  **Open**. You will receive the error message.

12. Switch to the Microsoft Edge window where you are signed in as **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number,.

13. In the Exchange admin center, click  **recipients**, click  **shared**, and then double-click  **Projects**.

14. In the  **Projects** window, click **mailbox delegation**, and then in the  **SendAs** section, verify that **Ada Russell** is not listed.

15. Click the  **+** icon.

16. In the list of users, select  **Ada Russell**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**. Click  **Save**.

17. Switch back to the Microsoft Edge window where you are signed in as  **Ada**. Click the  **Mail** icon. You should be able to open Outlook on the web now.

18. In the  **Outlook** window, in the right-upper corner, click **Ada Russell**, and then click  **Open another mailbox**.

19. In the  **Open another mailbox** window, type **Projects**, and then click  **Open**.

20. You should be able to open the  **Projects** shared mailbox.

>  **Note:** You might need to wait for a few minutes.


#### Task 3: Prepare for the next module
  
- Keep the virtual machines running for the lab in the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have troubleshot Exchange Online.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  
