# Lab Answer Key:  Module 5: Administering and troubleshooting Skype for Business
# Lab: Administering Skype for Business Online
  
## Exercise 1: Configuring Skype for Business Online organization settings
  
#### Task 1: Download and install the Skype for Business Online module for Windows PowerShell
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=294688**.

2. On the  **Skype for Business Online, Windows PowerShell Module** page, click **Download**, click  **Save**, and then click  **Run**.

3. Select the  **I agree to the license terms and conditions** check box, and then click **Install**.

4. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

5. After the installation completes, click  **Restart**.

6. After your computer restarts, sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** by using the password **Pa55w.rd**. Click  **Close** on Setup Successful window.



#### Task 2: Connect to Skype for Business by using Windows PowerShell
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, on the desktop, right-click  **Microsoft Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

2. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

3. At the Windows PowerShell command prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  $msolcred = Get-Credential
  ```

4. In the  **Windows PowerShell credential request** dialog box, enter the user name **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and Holly's password, and then click  **OK**.

5. Type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  $SfBSession = New-CSOnlineSession -Credential $msolcred
  ```

>  **Note:** If you receive an error, repeat the previous task by downloading and installing the Skype for Business Online module for Windows PowerShell module. You do not need to restart. Then, start this task from step 1.

6. Type  **Y**, and then press Enter.

7. Type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Import-PSSession $SfBSession
  ```



#### Task 3: Configure the organization settings for Skype for Business Online
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Windows PowerShell command-line interface window, type the following command to enable the privacy mode, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-CSPrivacyConfiguration -EnablePrivacyMode $True
  ```

Note the warning that you receive about enabling client version checking.

2. To disable push notifications for Apple devices, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-CSPushNotificationConfiguration -EnableApplePushNotification $False
  ```

3. To verify the privacy notification settings, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Get-CSPrivacyConfiguration
  ```

You should see the following output:

  - Identity:  **Global**

  - EnablePrivacyMode:  **True**

  - AutoInitiateContacts:  **True**

  - PublishLocationDataDefault:  **True**

  - DisplayPublishedPhotoDefault:  **True**

4. To verify the push notification settings, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Get-CSPushNotificationConfiguration
  ```

5. To allow users to communicate with public Skype users, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-CsTenantFederationConfiguration -AllowPublicUsers $True
  ```

6. To allow users to communicate with federated partners, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Set-CsTenantFederationConfiguration -AllowFederatedUsers $True
  ```

7. To enable communication with all federated partners except for  **litware.com**, type the following commands, and then press Enter after each command:

  ```
  $AllDomains = New-CsEdgeAllowAllKnownDomains
  ```

  ```
  $BlockedDomain = New-CsEdgeDomainPattern -Domain "litware.com"
  ```

  ```
  Set-CsTenantFederationConfiguration -AllowedDomains $AllDomains -BlockedDomains $BlockedDomain
  ```

  ```
  Get-CsTenantFederationConfiguration
  ```

8. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

9. If needed, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, by using Holly's password.

10. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the **Admin** tile.

11. In the  **Microsoft Office 365 admin center**, on the navigation menu to the left, navigate to  **Admin centers**, and then click  **Skype for Business**.

12. On the left-hand side, click  **organization**.

13. On the  **general** page, under **presence privacy mode**, verify that the setting is configured as  **Display presence information only to a user's contacts**.

14. Under  **mobile phone notifications**, verify that  **Apple Push Notification Service** is not enabled, and then click **external communications**.

15. Under  **external access**, verify that  **On except for blocked domains** is selected.

16. Verify that  **under blocked or allowed domains**,  **litware.com** is listed.



#### Task 4: Configure the meeting invitation settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the  **Skype for Business admin center**, click  **online meetings**, and then click  **meeting invitation**.

2. In the  **Help URL** text box, type **http://help.Adatum.com**.

3. In the  **Footer text** text box, type **Sample legal disclaimer**. Click  **save**.

4. At the Windows PowerShell command prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Get-CsMeetingConfiguration
  ```

5. Verify that the  **Help URL** and **CustomFooterText** display the correct information.



#### Task 5: Validate the meeting invitation settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, click  **Start**, scroll down, and then click  **Skype for Business 2016**.

2. On the  **First things first** page, click **Ask me later**, and click  **Accept**.

3. In the  **Welcome - Skype for Business** window, click **Skip for now**.

4. In the  **Microsoft Office Activation Wizard** dialog box, click **Close**.

5. In the  **Skype for Business** window, in the **Sign-in address** text box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Sign In**.

6. In the  **password** text box, type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**. Click  **Yes**.

7. Click  **Start**, scroll down, and then click  **Outlook 2016**.

8. On the ribbon, click  **New Items**, click  **Meeting**, and then click  **Skype Meeting**.

9. In the  **To** text box, type **Ada**. Click  **Check Names** icon on the toolbar and then select Ada Russell.

10. Create a meeting request for a time tomorrow using the subject  **Test Meeting**.

11. Send the meeting request.

12. Open the calendar, and then double-click the meeting that you just created. Verify that the meeting contains the custom footer text and that the help link references http://help.Adatum.com.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured Skype for Business Online service settings.


## Exercise 2: Configuring Skype for Business Online user settings
  
#### Task 1: Configure Skype for Business Online user settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, navigate to the  **Office 365 admin center**.

2. On the navigation menu, click  **Users**, and then click  **Active users**. Select  **Christie Thomas**, and then click  **Edit** in the **Product licenses** section.

3. Turn off  **Skype for Business Online (Plan 2)**,  **Skype for Business Cloud PBX** and **Skype for Business PSTN Conferencing**. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

4. On the navigation menu, select  **Admin centers**, and then click  **Skype for Business**.

5. On the navigation menu, click  **users**.

6. Verify that  **Christie Thomas** is not listed as a Skype for Business user. You might need to refresh the window.

7. Select  **Ada Russell**, and then click  **Edit**.

8. On the  **general** tab, under **Audio and video**, clear the  **Record conversations and meetings **check box.

9. On the navigation menu, click  **external communications**, clear the  **External Skype users **check box, and then click  **save**.

10. Click the  **back** icon, select **Francisco Chaves**, and then click  **Edit**.

11. On the  **general** tab, under **Audio and video**, select  **Audio only** from the drop-down list box. Click **save**.

12. Close Microsoft Edge.



#### Task 2: Verify Skype for Business communications
  >  **Note:** If you are prompted to reconfigure a firewall rule, do so. Authenticate with the **User Account Control** prompt as **Adatum\\Administrator** by using the password **Pa55w.rd**.

1. On  **LON-CL2**, ensure that you are signed in as Ada.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

3. Sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, by using Ada's password.

4. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the **Calendar** tile.

5. Select the local time zone and then click  **Save**.

6. In Calendar, click the meeting scheduled for tomorrow, click  **Accept**, and then click  **Send the response now**.

7. Click the meeting once more, and then click  **Holly Spencer**.

8. In the pane on the right, click the link for Holly's instant message address (the speech bubble symbol).

9. In the  **Holly Spencer - Microsoft Edge** dialog box, in the text box, type **Hello** and press Enter.

10. On  **LON-CL1**, click the  **Ada Russell** pop up window on the taskbar.

11. Type a message, and then press Enter.

12. On  **LON-CL2**, verify that the IM from Holly is received.

13. In Calendar, click the scheduled meeting, and then click  **Join**.

14. In the  **How would you like to join your meeting** dialog box, click **Install and join with Skype Meetings App (web)**.

15. Click  **Save** and when prompted, click **Run**.

16. After the app is installed, in Microsoft Edge, click  **Join the meeting**.

17. At the Welcome page, click Sign in if you have an Office 365 account.

18. Sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** by using Ada's password.

19. In the  **Choose meeting audio** dialog box, click **Phone: I will dial in** and then click **Connect**.

20. On  **LON-CL1**, open the scheduled meeting and click  **Join Skype Meeting**.

21. In the  **Join Meeting Audio** dialog box, click **OK**.

22. Verify that Holly is connected to the meeting, and then in the meeting window, click the  **Present** icon, and then click **Present Desktop**.

23. In the  **Present Desktop** window, click **Present**. In the Windows Security Alert window, click  **Allow access**.

24. In the Skype for Business window, click  **OK**.

25. On  **LON-CL2**, verify that Holly's desktop is visible in the meeting window.

26. On  **LON-CL1**, click  **Stop Presenting** in the toolbar.

27. On  **LON-CL2**, close Microsoft Edge and sign out.

28. On  **LON-CL1**, disconnect from the meeting, and sign out.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured Skype for Business Online user settings and validated Skype for Business Online functionality.


## Exercise 3: Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online
  
#### Task 1: Run the Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online sign-in for administrators tool
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** by using the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

3. If needed, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, by using Holly's password.

4. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the **Admin** tile.

5. In the  **Microsoft Office 365 admin center**, on the navigation menu, click  **Admin centers**, and then click  **Skype for Business**.

6. In the  **Skype for Business admin center**, in the navigation pane, click  **tools**.

7. In the details pane, click  **Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online sign-in for administrators**.

8. Scroll down the webpage, and under the  **Number of users affected** heading, click **One user, or a few here and there**.

9. Under the  **Access to Office 365 on the web** heading, click **Yes**.

10. Under the  **Valid Lync user** heading, review the suggestion to verify the user's license options, and then click **Yes**.



#### Task 2: Run the Microsoft Remote Connectivity Analyzer
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, in the  **Skype for Business admin center**, in the  **tools** node, click **Microsoft Remote Connectivity Analyzer**.

2. On the  **Remote Connectivity Analyzer** webpage, under the **Select the test you want to run** heading, click the **SfB / Lync** tab.

3. Click  **Skype for Business Autodiscover Web Service**, and then click  **Next**.

4. On the  **Skype for Business Autodiscover Web Service** page, in the **Sign-in address** text box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

5. In the text box beneath the  **Verification** heading, enter the displayed code, click **Verify**, and then click  **Perform Test**.

6. The connectivity test fails. Expand out each node in the report. What is the cause of the failure?
The SSL certificate failed one or more certificate validation checks.



#### Task 3: Access the Office 365 Lync Domain Name System Connectivity Test
  
1. Open a new tab in Microsoft Edge and navigate to  **https://www.testconnectivity.microsoft.com/?testid=o365lyncdns**.

2. On the  **Remote Connectivity Analyzer** webpage, under the **Office 365 Lync Domain Name Server Connectivity Test** heading, click **Office 365**.

3. In the  **Sign-in address** text box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Perform Test**.

4. Expand each node in the report. What records were checked? 

SRV records 
\_sip.\_tls.Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com 
\_sipfederationtls.\_tcp.Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com 

CNAME records 
sip.Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com 
lyncdiscover.Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com 

5. Close all open windows.



#### Task 4: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have successfully tested client sign-in and Skype for Business Online configuration.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  