# Module 5: Administering and troubleshooting Skype for Business
# Lab: Administering Skype for Business Online
  
### Scenario
  
 As part of the Office 365 implementation, A. Datum wants to use Skype for Business Online to provide IM and online conferencing. You need to ensure that you can configure the Skype for Business Online service settings and user settings to meet company requirements.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Configure and administer Skype for Business Online organization settings.

- Configure and administer Skype for Business Online user settings.

- Troubleshoot Skype for Business Online.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 45 minutes

Virtual machines:  **MT17B-WS2016-NAT**,  **10997A-LON-DC1**,  **10997A-LON-DS1**,  **10997A-LON-CL1**, and  **10997A-LON-CL2**

 User name:  **Adatum\\Administrator**

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 For this lab, you need to use the available virtual machine environment. Before you begin the lab, if necessary, you must complete the following steps:

1. On the host computer, click  **Start**, point to  **Administrative Tools**, and then click  **Hyper-V Manager**.

2. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **MT17B-WS2016-NAT**, and then in the Actions pane, click  **Start**.

3. In the Actions pane, click  **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

4. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **10997A-LON-DC1**, and then in the Actions pane, click  **Start**.

5. In the Actions pane, click  **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

6. Sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Administrator**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**

7. Repeat steps 4 through 6 for  **10997A-LON-DS1**.

8. Repeat steps 4 and 5 on  **10997A-LON-CL1**, and then sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Holly**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**

9. Repeat steps 4 and 5 on  **10997A-LON-CL2**, and then sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Ada**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**


 In all tasks:

- Where you see references to **Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, replace ***yyxxxxx*** with your unique Adatum number, that you choose in Lab 1 - Exercise 1, Task 1.

>  **Note:** If you see the **Update your admin contact info** prompt at any time during the lab, click **Cancel** to continue.


## Exercise 1: Configuring Skype for Business Online organization settings
  
### Scenario
  
 A. Datum must ensure that internal users can communicate with some external users, but the company also wants the option to block communication with some specified domains. A. Datum also wants to customize the default meeting page to provide company-specific information. You must configure the required settings.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Download and install the Skype for Business Online module for Windows PowerShell

2. Connect to Skype for Business by using Windows PowerShell

3. Configure the organization settings for Skype for Business Online

4. Configure the meeting invitation settings

5. Validate the meeting invitation settings



#### Task 1: Download and install the Skype for Business Online module for Windows PowerShell
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, connect to  **http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=294688**.

2. Download and install the Skype for Business Online module for Windows PowerShell.

3. Restart when prompted.

4. Sign in as Holly.



#### Task 2: Connect to Skype for Business by using Windows PowerShell
  
- On  **LON-CL1**, connect to Skype for Business Online by running the following commands in Windows PowerShell. Use Holly's credentials to connect:

  ```
  $msolcred = Get-Credential
  ```
 
  ```
  SfBSession = New-CSOnlineSession -Credential $msolcred
  ```
 
  ```
  Import-PSSession $SfBSession
  ```

>  **Note:** If you receive an error, repeat the previous task by downloading and installing the Skype for Business Online module for Windows PowerShell. You do not need to restart. Then, start this task from step 1.


#### Task 3: Configure the organization settings for Skype for Business Online
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, use Windows PowerShell to configure the following:
Enable the privacy mode by using the  **Set-CSPrivacyConfiguration** cmdlet with the ***-EnablePrivacyMode*** parameter.

Disable push notifications for Apple devices by using the  **Set-CSPushNotificationConfiguration** cmdlet with the ***-EnableApplePushNotification*** parameter.

Verify the privacy and push notification settings by running the  **Get-CSPrivacyConfiguration** and **Get-CSPushNotificationConfiguration** cmdlets.

Allow users to communicate with public Skype users by using the  **Set-CsTenantFederationConfiguration** cmdlet with the ***-AllowPublicUsers*** parameter.

Allow users to communicate with federated partners by using the  **Set-CsTenantFederationConfiguration** cmdlet with the ***-AllowFederatedUsers*** parameter.

2. Use the following commands to enable communication with all federated partners except for  **litware.com**:

  ```
  $AllDomains = New-CsEdgeAllowAllKnownDomains
  ```

  ```
  $BlockedDomain = New-CsEdgeDomainPattern -Domain "litware.com"
  ```

  ```
  Set-CsTenantFederationConfiguration -AllowedDomains $AllDomains -BlockedDomains $BlockedDomain
  ```

  ```
  Get-CsTenantFederationConfiguration
  ```

3. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

4. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** by using Holly's password.

5. In the  **Skype for Business admin center**, verify the following settings:

  - Privacy mode is set to display presence information only to a user's contacts.

  -  **Apple Push Notification Service** is not enabled.

  - External communications are enabled for all domains except for  **litware.com**.



#### Task 4: Configure the meeting invitation settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the  **Skype for Business admin center**, configure the following meeting invitation settings:

  - Help URL:  **http://help.adatum.com**

  - Footer text:  **Sample legal disclaimer**

2. Use the  **Get-CsMeetingConfiguration** cmdlet to verify the meeting invitation settings.



#### Task 5: Validate the meeting invitation settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open  **Skype for Business 2016**, and then sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**.

2. On  **LON-CL1**, open  **Outlook 2016**.

3. Create a new Skype meeting request, and then send it to Ada.

4. Open the meeting, and then verify the help link and custom footer text.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured Skype for Business Online service settings.


## Exercise 2: Configuring Skype for Business Online user settings
  
### Scenario
  
 You must configure different Skype for Business Online user settings based on the user's department. You will use Windows PowerShell to configure the settings.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure Skype for Business Online user settings

2. Verify Skype for Business communications



#### Task 1: Configure Skype for Business Online user settings
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the  **Office 365 admin center**, edit the  **Christie Thomas** user account to remove the option to use Skype for Business.

2. In the  **Skype for Business admin center**, verify that  **Christie Thomas** is not listed as a Skype for Business user.

3. Edit Ada Russell's Skype for Business user settings to remove the option to record meetings, and to prevent her from communicating with public Skype users.

4. Edit Francisco Chaves's Skype for Business user settings to enable him to connect to audio meetings only.



#### Task 2: Verify Skype for Business communications
  >  **Note:** If you are prompted to reconfigure a firewall rule, do so. Authenticate with the **User Account Control** prompt as **Adatum\\Administrator** by using the password **Pa55w.rd**.

1. On  **LON-CL2**, ensure that you are signed in as Ada.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

3. Sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** by using Ada's password.

4. Open the  **Calendar** app, and in Calendar, click the meeting scheduled for tomorrow. Accept the invitation request.

5. Click the meeting once more, and then click  **Holly Spencer**.

6. In the pane on the right, click the link for Holly's instant message address (the speech bubble symbol).

7. Send a short instant message to Holly.

8. On  **LON-CL1**, respond to the message.

9. On  **LON-CL2**, verify that the IM from Holly is received.

10. In the Calendar app, join the meeting.

11. Click  **Install and join with Skype Meetings App (web)** and install the app. Then, in Microsoft Edge, when the app is downloaded and installed, click **Join the meeting**.

12. Sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** by using Ada's password.

13. When prompted, click  **Phone: I will dial in** and then click **Connect**.

14. On  **LON-CL1**, join the meeting, and then verify that Ada is connected to the meeting.

15. Share your desktop.

16. On  **LON-CL2**, verify that Holly's desktop is visible in the meeting window.

17. On  **LON-CL2**, disconnect from the meeting and sign out.

18. On  **LON-CL1**, disconnect from the meeting, and sign out.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured Skype for Business Online user settings and validated Skype for Business Online functionality.


## Exercise 3: Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online
  
### Scenario
  
 Your users have been experiencing sign-in problems from their various devices. You will use several tools from the  **Skype for Business admin center** and tools available online to test client connectivity.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Run the Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online sign-in for administrators tool

2. Run the Microsoft Remote Connectivity Analyzer

3. Access the Office 365 Lync Domain Name System Connectivity Test

4. Prepare for the next module



#### Task 1: Run the Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online sign-in for administrators tool
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as  **Holly**.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

3. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** by using Holly's password.

4. Open the  **Skype for Business admin center**, and click the  **tools** node.

5. Launch  **Troubleshooting Skype for Business Online sign-in for administrators**.

6. Choose the following options in the wizard:

  -  **One user, or a few here and there**

  -  **Yes**

  -  **Yes**



#### Task 2: Run the Microsoft Remote Connectivity Analyzer
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, in the  **Skype for Business admin center**, in the  **tools** node, click **Microsoft Remote Connectivity Analyzer**.

2. On the  **Remote Connectivity Analyzer** webpage, on the **SfB / Lync** tab, choose **Skype for Business Autodiscover Web Service**.

3. In the  **Sign-in address** text box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, enter the verification code shown, and then click  **Perform Test**.

4. The connectivity test fails. Expand out each node in the report. What is the cause of the failure?



#### Task 3: Access the Office 365 Lync Domain Name System Connectivity Test
  
1. Open a new tab in Microsoft Edge and navigate to  **https://www.testconnectivity.microsoft.com/?testid=o365lyncdns**.

2. On the  **Remote Connectivity Analyzer** webpage, under the **Office 365 Lync Domain Name Server Connectivity Test** heading, click **Office 365**.

3. In the  **Sign-in address** text box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, enter the verification code shown, and then click  **Perform Test**.

4. Expand each node in the report. What records were checked? 

5. Close all open windows.



#### Task 4: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have successfully tested client sign-in and Skype for Business Online configuration.



## 
  
**Question** 
How will you change the Windows PowerShell steps that you ran in the lab if you want to block all communication with external domains except litware.com?

**Question** 
When you attempt to connect to your Skype for Business Online subscription by using the Windows PowerShell  **New-CsOnlineSession** cmdlet, you receive an error:

```
Get-CsPowerShellEndpoint : Unable to query AutoDiscover URL at: http://lyncdiscover.Adatum.com?Domain=Adatum.com
```


What is the likely cause of the error, and what can you do to resolve the issue?



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  