# Lab Answer Key:  Module 1: Office 365 services overview
# Lab: Office 365 services overview
  
## Exercise 1: Setting up an Office 365 lab environment
  
#### Task 1: Create an Office 365 Enterprise E5 trial subscription and enable directory synchronization
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, on the taskbar, click  **Microsoft Edge**.

2. In the address bar, type ** https://aka.ms/v2jy2f**, and then press Enter.

3. Click  **Free trial**.

4. For Step 1, in the  **Welcome, let's get to know you** page, complete the following fields. Regardless of your location, use the following information:


  - Country:  **United Kingdom**

  - First name:  **Holly**

  - Last name: **Spencer**

  - Business email address:  _Use your new Microsoft account that you created for this course or your personal email address_.

  - Business phone number:  _Use your mobile phone number, including the international code, for the country/region that you are really in_.

  - Company name:  **A. Datum**

  - Organization size:  **50-249 people**


1. Click  **Next**.

2. For Step 2, on the  **Create your user ID** page, create a unique domain for the company name to use in the course in the form of ** _Adatumyyxxxxx_**. For the rest of the fields, use the following information:


  - User name:  **Holly**

  - Company name:  ** _Adatumyyxxxxx_ **(where yyxxxxx is your unique Adatum number)

  - Password:  Create a password that meets the complexity requirements. Document Holly's password.

  - Confirm password:  Type the same password


1. Click  **Create my account**.

2. For Step 3, on the  **Prove. You're. Not. A. Robot.** page, confirm your identity by using your mobile phone. Under **Text me**, from the drop-down box, select the code for the country/region that you are really in.

3. In the  **Phone number** box, enter your correct mobile phone number.

4. Ensure that the  **Text me** option is selected, and then click **Text me**.

5. When you receive the confirmation text on your mobile phone, enter the code provided into the  **Enter your verification code** box.

6. Click  **Next**.

7. Wait until the Office 365 tenant is provisioned, note your sign in data, and then click  **You're ready to go**.

8. Click the  **Admin** tile to go to the Office 365 admin center. If the **Confirm your current password** page appears, click **Re-enter my password**, and then type Holly's password.

9. If the  **Welcome to the admin center** window appears, close it.



#### Task 2: Verify the health of services
  
1. Click  **Health** on the navigation menu on the left, and then click **Service health** to display the **Service health** dashboard.

2. In the left pane, view the status of the Office 365 services. If a service is showing a status other than  **Service is healthy**, then click the service or click  **advisory**.

3. Review any service interruption records and additional information on the  **Incidents** page.
>  **Note:** During Microsoft testing, on rare occasions Office 365 did not create the trial tenant properly. As a result, the tenant did not have all the services available to it. If this happens to you, create a new trial tenant by using a different business email address (a Microsoft account).
4. Close Microsoft Edge.

5. If you receive a prompt, click  **Close all tabs**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have successfully provisioned the Office 365 tenant account for A. Datum Corporation.


## Exercise 2: Configuring Office 365 services
  
#### Task 1: Review services and add-ins
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then browse to  **https://portal.office.com/**.

2. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, where yyxxxxx is your unique Adatum number, by using Holly's password.

3. On the Microsoft Office 365 portal, click  **Admin**.

4. In the Office 365 admin center, click  **Settings**, and then click  **Services &amp; add-ins**.

5. Click  **Cortana**. Enable or disable Cortana for all users in your organization.

6. Click  **Cancel**.

7. Click  **Mail**, and then click  **Anti-malware policies**. The Exchange admin center opens in a new tab. Close this tab.

8. Review the other available options, and then click  **Close**.

9. Click  **Office Store**.

10. Click the button adjacent to  **Let people in your organization go to the Office Store**.

11. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close**.



#### Task 2: Verify security and privacy settings
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, in the  **Settings** node, click **Security &amp; privacy**.

2. Adjacent to  **Password policy**, click  **Edit**.

3. On the  **Password policy** page, in the **Days before passwords expire** box, type **42**, and then click  **Save**.

4. Click  **Close**.

5. Adjacent to  **Customer Lockbox**, click  **Edit**.

6. Review the settings, and then click  **Close**.



#### Task 3: Determine current licenses
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, in the navigation pane, click  **Billing**, and then click  **Licenses**.

2. Review the available licenses for the Office 365 Enterprise E5 subscription.

3. Click  **Subscriptions**, and then review the Office 365 Enterprise E5 trial subscription.



#### Task 4: Update the organization profile
  
1. In the Office 365 admin center, in the navigation pane, click  **Settings**, and then click  **Organization profile**.

2. Review the settings. Click  **Edit** next to the **Release preferences**.

3. Review the settings, and then click  **Cancel**.

4. Click  **Edit** next to the **Manage custom themes for your organization**.

5. Review the settings, and then click  **Cancel**.

6. Click  **Edit** next to the **Provide customized help desk contact info**.

7. Next to Help desk card, click  **Off**.

8. In the  **Custom title** text box, type **A Datum Help Desk**.

9. Select the  **Help desk email** check box, and then in the text box beneath, type **Helpdesk@Adatum _yyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**, where  _yyxxxxx_ is your unique Adatum number.

10. Review the other settings, click  **Save**, and then click  **Close**.

11. Close all windows on  **LON-CL1**, and then sign out.



#### Task 5: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have successfully verified the configuration of your Office 365 tenant.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  
