# Lab Answer Key:  Module 6: Administering and troubleshooting SharePoint Online
# Lab: Configuring and administering SharePoint Online
  
## Exercise 1: Configuring SharePoint Online settings
  
#### Task 1: Configure settings
  
1. Ensure that you are signed in to the  **10997A-LON-CL1** virtual machine as **Adatum\\Holly** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. On  **LON-CL1**, on the taskbar, click  **Microsoft Edge**, and then go to  **https://portal.office.com**.

3. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** (where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum.com number) with Holly's password.

4. In the Microsoft Office 365 portal, click  **Admin**.

5. In the Office 365 admin center, click  **Admin centers**, and then click  **SharePoint**.

6. On the left side, click  **settings**.

7. Under  **Site Collection Storage Management**, ensure that  **Manual** is selected.

8. Scroll down to  **Sync Client for SharePoint**.

9. Select  **Start the new client**.

10. Click  **OK**.

11. On the left side, click  **sharing**.

12. Verify that  **Allow sharing to authenticated external users and using anonymous access links** is selected, and then click **OK**.



#### Task 2: Configure user profiles
  
1. On the left side, click  **user profiles**.

2. Under  **People**, click  **Manage User Profiles**.

3. In the  **Find profiles** dialog box, type **Ada**, and then click  **Find**.

4. In the result window, in the list, select  **Ada Russell**.

5. Expand the options by clicking the arrow, click  **Edit my profile**, and then click  **Browse** (book icon).

6. In the  **select people** dialog box, click **Tenant**, in the  **Find** text box, type **Holly**, and then click  **search** (the magnifier icon). Click **Holly Spencer** that has an email address, and then click **OK**.

7. On the right side, click  **Save and Close**.

8. On the left side, click  **user profiles**.

9. Under  **My Site settings**, click  **Setup My Sites**.

10. Scroll down to  **My Site Cleanup**.

11. In the  **Secondary Owner** box, click **Browse** (the book icon).

12. In the  **select people** dialog box, click **Tenant**, in the  **Find** text box, type **Holly**, and then click  **search** (the magnifier icon). Click **Holly Spencer** that has an email address, and then click **OK**.

13. Scroll down, and then click  **OK**.



#### Task 3: Configure apps
  
1. On the left side, click  **apps**, and then click  **Configure Store Settings**.

2. In the  **Apps for Office from the Store** window, click **No** to disable apps from starting when documents are opened in the browser.

3. Click  **OK**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured the SharePoint Online service settings.


## Exercise 2: Creating and configuring a SharePoint site collection
  
#### Task 1: Create a site collection by using the SharePoint admin center
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, on the left side, click  **Site collections**.

2. On the  **Site Collections** ribbon, click **New**, and then click  **Private Site Collection**.

3. In the  **new site collection** dialog box, in the **Title** box, and in the empty box to the right of **/sites/**, type  **marketing**. In the  **administrator** box, click **Browse** (the book icon).

4. In the  **select people** dialog box, click **Tenant**, in the  **Find** box, type **Holly**, and then click  **search** (the magnifier icon). Click **Holly Spencer** that has an email address, and then click **OK**.

5. In the  **Storage Quota** box, type **200**. Leave the other settings as suggested. To confirm, click  **OK**.

>  **Note:** Microsoft SharePoint Online provisions the new marketing site. This process can take a few minutes.

6. After the marketing site is created, select the  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing** check box, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

>  **Note:** It can take a few minutes until the **Sharing** menu on the ribbon is active. You can speed this up by pressing F5 to refresh the page.

7. When the marketing site is selected, on the ribbon, click  **Sharing**.

8. In the  **Sharing** dialog box, select **Allow sharing with all external users, and by using anonymous access links**, and then click  **Save**.

>  **Note:** The site collection setting changes to allow external user sharing. This process is usually done within one minute. Now, external user sharing is enabled, and you can use it for this marketing site.


#### Task 2: Create a site collection by using Windows PowerShell
  
1. On LON-CL1, open a new Microsoft Edge tab, and then go to **http://aka.ms/f04q5o**.

>  **Note:** This is to download and install the SharePoint Online Management Shell from the Microsoft Download Center.

2. On the  **SharePoint Online Management Shell download** page, click **Download**.

3. On the  **Choose the download you want** page, select the check box for the 64-bit version and for the most current file. Click **Next**.

4. If a message about popups appears, click  **Allow once**.

5. In the  **Microsoft Edge** dialog box that asks whether you want to run or save the file, click **Save**, and then click  **Run**.

6. On the  **SharePoint Online Management Shell Setup** page, select the **I accept the terms in the License Agreement** check box, and then click **Install**.

7. If a  **User Account Control** dialog box appears, click **Yes**.

8. When the installation completes, click  **Finish**.

9. Click  **Start**, type  **sharepoint**, right-click  **SharePoint Online Management Shell**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

10. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

11. At the command prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter (where  ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum domain name):

  ```
  Connect-SPOService -Url https://adatumyyxxxxx-admin.sharepoint.com -credential Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com
  ```

12. In the  **SharePoint Online PowerShell** dialog box, in the **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **OK**.

13. At the command prompt, type the following command, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then press Enter:

  ```
  New-SPOSite -Url https://Adatumyyxxxxx.sharepoint.com/sites/Research -Owner Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com -StorageQuota 500 -NoWait -Template PROJECTSITE#0 -Title "Research Project"
  ```

14. Close the Administrator: SharePoint Online Management Shell window.



#### Task 3: Configure permissions on the site collections
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, switch to the  **Manage site collections** tab.

2. On the left side, if necessary click  **Site collections**.

3. Select the  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing** check box, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

4. On the ribbon, click  **Owners**, and then click  **Manage Administrators**.

5. In the  **Site Collection Administrators** box, after Holly Spencer, type **Ada R**, click the  **Check Names** icon, and then click **OK**.

6. Open an InPrivate window, go to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, and then sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Ada's password, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

7. In the upper-right corner, click the  **Settings** icon (the wheel icon), and then click **site settings**.

8. Under  **Users and Permissions**, click  **Site collection administrators** to open the **Permissions -&gt; Site Collection Administrators** page.

9. Verify that  **Ada Russell** appears.

10. Close the  **Microsoft Edge** window.



#### Task 4: Verify access to the site collections
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, open an InPrivate window.

2. Go to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number,.

3. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Beth's password.

>  **Note:** You need permission to access this site, and you need to send an access request for permission to view the site.

4. In the  **You need permission to access this site** dialog box, select the existing text, type **Please enable Beth's access to this site**, and then click  **Request Access**.

5. Close Microsoft Edge.

6. In the  **Microsoft Edge** window that is still open, open a new tab, and then go to **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

7. If necessary, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

8. In the upper-right corner, click the  **Settings** icon (the wheel icon), and then click **Site settings**.

9. Under  **User and Permissions**, click  **Site permissions**.

10. Click Show  **access requests and invitations**.

11. Verify that Beth's request is listed, and then click  **Approve**.

12. Click  **Settings**, click  **Site Settings**, and then click  **Site permissions**.

13. Click  **marketing Members**.

14. Verify that Beth's account is listed.

15. Click  **New**, and then click  **Add Users**.

16. In the box at the top, type  **Ella**, and then click Ella  **Perry**.

17. Click  **Share**.

18. In Microsoft Edge, open a new InPrivate window, and then connect to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

19. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Beth's password.

20. Verify that you can access the site.

21. Click  **Beth Burke**, and then click  **Sign out**.

22. Go to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

23. Sign in as  **Ella@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Ella's password.

24. Verify that you can access the site.

25. Close Microsoft Edge.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have created and configured SharePoint Online site collections.


## Exercise 3: Configuring and verifying external user sharing
  
#### Task 1: Configure global settings for external user sharing
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, **signed in as Holly**, switch to the tab named **Manage site collections**.

2. On the left side, click  **sharing**.

3. Verify that  **Sharing outside your organization** is set to **Allow sharing to authenticated users and using anonymous access links**.

4. Select the  **Anonymous access links expire in this many days** check box, type **7** in the box, and then click **OK**.



#### Task 2: Configure a site collection for external user sharing
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, click  **Site Collections**.

2. Select the  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing** check box, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

3. On the ribbon, , click  **Sharing**.

4. In the  **Sharing** dialog box, verify that **Allow sharing with all external users, and by using anonymous access links** is selected.

5. Click  **Save**.

6. Wait for the operation to complete, which might take about five minutes.

7. Close Microsoft Edge.

>  **Note:** In the following steps, you will give access to the site collection to a Microsoft account of your choice. We recommend that you use a Microsoft account that you already have. If you do not want to use your private Microsoft account, please create a new Microsoft account at https://live.com.

8. Open Microsoft Edge and then go to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

9. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

10. In the upper-right corner, click  **SHARE**.

11. In the  **Share 'marketing'** dialog box, type the email address of the Microsoft account you want to use. Click the email address just above the text Showing 1 result.

12. In the box, type  **You can now access this shared site of Adatum Corporation**.

13. Click  **Share**.

14. Go to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

15. In the left navigation pane, click  **Documents**.

16. In the  **Welcome to the new document library experience** dialog box, click **NOT NOW**.

17. Click  **New**, and then click  **Word document**.

18. In the  **Word Online** window, type some text, wait to check if **Saved** appears in the document title, and then click the **marketing** link.

19. In the document list, click the ellipsis (**...**) next to the document you created, and then click  **Share**.

20. In the  **Enter a name** or **email address** box, type the email address of the Microsoft account you want to use. click the email address, and then click **Send**.

21. Close Microsoft Edge.



#### Task 3: Verify external user sharing
  
1. Open Microsoft Edge, and then browse to  **https://outlook.com**.

2. Sign in with your Microsoft account.

>  **Note:** The Inbox should show two emails from the Microsoft Online Services Team. If the messages are not in the Inbox, look in the Junk folder.

3. Open the message that has the subject  **Holly Spencer wants to share marketing**.

4. Click the  **marketing** link in the email.

5. Click  **Microsoft Account**. Verify that you can access the site.

6. Close the browser tab. In your Inbox, open the second email invitation with the subject  **Shared document**.

7. Click the  **Document** link.

>  **Note:** You are redirected directly to the Microsoft Word document. Word Online opens and shows the document.

8. Verify that you can access the Word document, and then click  **Edit in Browser**.

9. Add some text to this document.

10. Close Microsoft Edge.

11. Sign out as  **Adatum\\Holly**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured a site collection for external user sharing, and you should have shared a site and a document with external users.


## Exercise 4: Configuring OneDrive for Business
  
#### Task 1: Enable OneDrive for Business synchronization
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** with Beth's password.

2. Click  **Start**, scroll down and then click  **Word 2016**.

3. If a  **Microsoft Office Activation Wizard** window opens, click **Close**, select  **Ask me later**, and then click  **Accept**.

4. In the  **Word** window, in the upper-right corner, click **Sign in to get the most out of Office**.

5. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **email address** box, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Next**.

6. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

7. Verify that Word is licensed to Beth Burke. Close Word.

8. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

9. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Beth's password.

10. In the Office 365 portal, click  **OneDrive**.

11. If a  **Welcome to OneDrive for Business** page appears, click Your OneDrive is ready.

12. In the  **OneDrive** window, click **New**, and then click  **Word document**.

13. In the  **Word Online** window, type some text, and then click **Beth Burke** beside **Word Online** at the top of the window.

14. In the  **OneDrive** window, click **Sync**.

15. In the  **Did you mean to switch apps?** dialog box, click **Yes**.

16. In the  **Set up OneDrive** dialog box, click **Sign in**.

17. If prompted to sign in, type  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, in the **user name** box, type Beth's password in the **password** box, and then click **Sign In**.

18. On the  **This is your OneDrive folder** page, click **Next**.

19. On the  **Sync your OneDrive files to this PC** page, click **Next**.

20. On the  **Your OneDrive is ready for you** page, click **Open my OneDrive - Adatum folder**.

21. In the  **File Explorer** window that opens, click **OneDrive - Adatum**.

22. Note that File Explorer displays the location where the synced files will be stored. Verify that the Word document has been synced to the local computer.



#### Task 2: Create files to sync with OneDrive for Business
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, ensure that the  **OneDrive - Adatum **folder is open in File Explorer.

2. In File Explorer, on the ribbon, click  **Home**, click  **New folder**, and then create a new folder named  **Private**.

3. On the ribbon, click  **Home**, click  **New folder**, and then create a second new folder named  **Project A**.

4. Double-click the  **Private** folder. Right-click in this folder, click **New**, and then click  **Microsoft Word Document**. Name the document  **Holidays.docx**.

5. Double-click  **Holidays.docx** to open it, and then type a small amount of text. Save the changes, and then close Word.

6. Notice that the document icon on the taskbar changes from two blue arrows to a small green check mark icon after the synchronization process is complete. The document has been automatically transferred to the cloud storage.

7. In the  **File Explorer** window, in the address bar, go to **OneDrive - Adatum** to move one level up.

8. Double-click the  **Project A** folder. Right-click this folder, point to **New**, and then click  **Microsoft Word Document**. Name the document  **Project targets.docx**.

9. Double-click  **Project targets.docx** to open it, and then type a small amount of text. Save the changes, and then close Word.

10. Verify that the document syncs.

11. To view the files online, switch to the  **Microsoft Edge** window, if necessary switch to the **Files - OneDrive** tab. Refresh the view.

12. In the  **Files** list, you should see your two folders, **Private** and **Project A**.

13. Go to the  **Private** folder. Click the synced **Holidays.docx** document to open it in Word Online.

14. Click  **Edit document**, and then click  **Edit in Browser**. Add some text. The document has been automatically saved when  **Saved** is displayed in the title bar.

15. On the menu bar beside  **Word Online**, click  **Beth Burke** to return to Microsoft OneDrive for Business.

16. The content of the  **Private** folder changes, and you can see that you changed the document online. The **Modified** column shows that the document changed some seconds (or minutes) ago.

17. Switch back to File Explorer. Go to the  **Private** folder, and then open **Holidays.docx**. You can see that the changes you made in Word Online have been automatically synced back. The sync may take a few minutes. Notice that the time in Date modified column changes when the document has synced.



#### Task 3: Share files with other users
  
1. In File Explorer, go to the root of OneDrive, right-click the  **Project A** folder, and then click **View online**. Microsoft Edge opens.

2. Open the  **Project A** folder, right-click **Project Targets.docx**, and then click  **Share**.

3. Notice that SharePoint Online automatically opens a dialog box named  **Send Link Project targets.docx**.

4. In the box at the top, type  **Holly Spencer**.

5. Ensure that the  **Anyone with this link can view and edit this item** text is shown, add a short message in the **Add a message (optional)** box, and then click **Send**.

6. Open a new InPrivate Microsoft Edge window, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

7. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

8. In the Office 365 portal, click  **Mail**.

9. Click  **Other**, and then click the message with the subject  **Beth Burke has shared Project Targets with you**.

10. In the mail message area, click  **Open Project Targets**.

11. When the document opens, click  **Edit in Browser**. Verify that you can open the document and edit it. Note that all modifications are stored online in the OneDrive for Business cloud storage. By default, SharePoint Online creates a new version when the document changes. The owner can view this in the version history.

12. Close the  **InPrivate** Microsoft Edge window.

13. In the  **Microsoft Edge** window with Beth Burke signed in, refresh the view, select the Project Targets file, and then click the info (i) icon.

14. In the details pane, click  **Change Permissions**.

15. In the Manage Permissions pane, click  **Stop sharing** twice.

16. Close the  **Microsoft Edge** window.

17. Sign out as  **Adatum\\Beth**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured OneDrive for Business for A Datum Corporation and verified user file sharing in OneDrive for Business.


## Exercise 5: Troubleshooting SharePoint Online
  
#### Task 1: Produce problems
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. Click  **Start**, type  **SharePoint**, right-click the  **SharePoint Online Management Shell**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

3. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

4. In the Administrator: SharePoint Online Management Shell window, type  **C:\\Labfiles\\Mod06\\Mod6\_CreateProblem.ps1** and then press **Enter**.

5. When prompted, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

6. Please wait 10 minutes after the script is finished before proceeding with the next lab task.



#### Task 2: Detect SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, sign in as  **Adatum\Beth** with the password **Pa55w.rd**.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, and then go to  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/sales**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

3. Sign in as  **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Beth's password.

4. Verify that Beth is not allowed to access the Sales Team site.

5. Close Microsoft Edge.

6. Open Microsoft Edge, and then access  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/sales**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

7. Sign in as  **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Abbi's password.

8. Verify that Abbi can access the Sales Team site.

9. Click  **SHARE**.

10. In the  **Share 'Sales Team site'** dialog box, in the **Invite People** box, type your Microsoft account, and then click **Share**.

11. Verify that you receive an error message stating that you cannot share the site.

12. Click  **Cancel**.

13. In Microsoft Edge, click the  **apps** icon, and then click **OneDrive**. You might have to wait a couple of minutes before OneDrive is ready.

14. Click  **Your OneDrive is ready**.

15. If a  **Welcome to OneDrive** message appears, click **NOT NOW**.

16. In the  **OneDrive** window, click **Sync**.

17. In the  **Did you mean to switch apps?** dialog box, click **Yes**.

18. In the  **Microsoft OneDrive** window, on the **Set up OneDrive** page, click **Sign in**.

19. Sign in with a user name of  **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and Abbi's password.

20. Click  **Next**.

21. Verify that you receive an error stating that OneDrive cannot add your folder right now. If you do not receive an error at this point, cancel the wizard, and wait for 5 minutes before starting with step 16 again.



#### Task 3: Resolve SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then sign in to  **https://portal.office.com** with the user name **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and Holly's password.

2. In the Office 365 admin center, on the menu on the left side, click  **Admin centers**, and then click  **SharePoint**.

3. On the left side, click  **Site collections**.

4. Select the check box for the  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/sales** site collection, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then on the ribbon, click **Sharing**.

5. Select the  **Allow sharing with all external users, and by using anonymous access links** option, and then click **Save**.

6. Select the check box for the  **https://adatum*yyxxxxx*.sharepoint.com/sites/sales** site collection, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number. On the ribbon, click **Owners**, and then click  **Manage Administrators**.

7. In the  **Site Collection Administrators** box, type **Beth**, and then click  **Check Names**.

8. Click  **OK**.

9. Click  **Admin**, and then click  **Admin centers**.

10. Click  **OneDrive**.

11. In the OneDrive admin center, click  **Sync**.

12. Clear the  **Allow syncing only on PCs joined to specific domains** check box.

13. Clear the  **Block syncing of specific file types** check box.

14. Click  **Save**.

15. To verify that you have resolved the issues, go through the steps in the previous lab task, "Detect SharePoint Online access and OneDrive for Business synchronization problems." This time, you should not receive any error messages.

>  **Note:** It might take up to 15 minutes before the OneDrive settings take effect.


#### Task 4: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, close all open windows, and keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have resolved SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business issues.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  