# Lab Answer Key:  Module 8: Administering and troubleshooting compliance and security in Office 365
# Lab: Configuring and troubleshooting compliance and security
  
## Exercise 1: Configuring rights management in Office 365
  
#### Task 1: Activate Azure Information Protection in Office 365
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open  **Microsoft Edge**, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in to the Microsoft Office 365 portal as  **holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using Holly's password.

3. In the app launcher, click the  **Admin** icon.

4. In the Office 365 admin center, select  **Settings**, and then click  **Services &amp; add-ins**.

5. Click  **Microsoft Azure Information Protection**.

6. On the  **Microsoft Azure Information Protection** page, click **Manage Microsoft Azure Information Protection settings**.

7. On the  **rights management** page, click  **activate**.

8. When prompted with  **Do you want to activate Rights Management?**, click  **activate**.



#### Task 2: Configure Azure Information Protection for Exchange Online
  
1. Open the  **Windows Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell** from the desktop of **LON-CL1**.

2. Type the following commands, and then press Enter after each command to connect to Exchange Online with remote Windows PowerShell. Use Holly's credentials to connect:

  ```
  $Cred = Get-Credential

$Session = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/ -Credential $Cred -Authentication Basic -AllowRedirection 

Import-PSSession $Session
  ```

3. Type the following command, and then press Enter to set the IRM sharing location to the region you are in:

  ```
  Set-IRMConfiguration -RMSOnlineKeySharingLocation "https://sp-rms.na.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc"
  ```

>  **Note:** Depending on the location of your tenant, replace the link in the preceding command with one of the following:

- For Europe:  **https://sp-rms.eu.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc**

- For Asia:  **https://sp-rms.ap.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc**

- For South America:  **https://sp-rms.sa.aadrm.com/TenantManagement/ServicePartner.svc**

4. Type the following command, and then press Enter to configure Azure Information Protection as a trusted publishing domain:

  ```
  Import-RMSTrustedPublishingDomain -RMSOnline -name "RMS Online"
  ```

Note: If you get an error for this command, wait 5-10 minutes and then repeat steps 3 and 4.

5. Type the following command, and then press Enter to set the IRM configuration for only licensed users:

  ```
  Set-IRMConfiguration -InternalLicensingEnabled $true
  ```

6. Type the following command, and then press Enter to test the configuration:

  ```
  Test-IRMConfiguration -Sender holly@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com
  ```

7. Verify that you receive  **OVERALL RESULT: PASS** message at the end of test results.

8. Type the following command, press Enter, and then close Windows PowerShell:

  ```
  Remove-PSSession $Session
  ```



#### Task 3: Configure Azure Information Protection for SharePoint Online
  
1. In Microsoft Edge, access the Office 365 admin center by using the app launcher icon.

2. On the navigation menu on the left, under  **Admin centers**, click  **SharePoint**.

3. In the SharePoint admin center, in the left pane, click  **settings**.

4. On the  **settings** page, in the IRM section, click **Use the IRM service specified in your configuration**, and then click  **Refresh IRM Settings**.



#### Task 4: Validate Azure Information Protection functionality
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Word 2016. If Activation Wizard appears, close it.

2. In the  **Word** window, at the top-right corner, click **Switch account** or **Sign in**.

3. In the  **Accounts** dialog box, click **Add Account**.

4. In the  **Sign in** dialog box, type **Holly@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, and then click  **Next**.

5. Type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

6. Close Word 2016.

7. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Outlook 2016.

8. Create a new email with  **Beth Burke** as the recipient.

9. Type a subject, and then type some text in the message body.

10. On the  **Options** tab, click **Permission**, and then click  **Connect to the Rights Management Server and get templates**. If the  **Windows Security** window appears, click **OK**, and then sign in with Holly's credentials.

11. Click  **Permission** again, and then click **Do Not Forward**.

12. Send the message.

13. In Microsoft Edge, connect to  **https://adatumyyxxxxx.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**.

14. Click  **Documents**, click the  **settings** icon, and then click **Library settings**.

15. On the  **Settings** page, under **Permissions and Management**, click  **Information Rights Management**. Note: if you don't see Information Rights Management option available, wait 5-6 minutes, and then repeat steps 13-15.

16. On the  **Information Rights Management Settings** page, select the **Restrict permissions on this library on download** check box.

17. In the  **Create a permission policy title** text box, type **Marketing Policy**.

18. In the  **Add a permission policy description** text box, type **Marketing policy for downloads.**

19. Click  **SHOW OPTIONS**.

20. Under  **Configure document access rights**, select the  **Allow viewers to write on a copy of the downloaded document** check box.

21. Click  **OK**.

22. Close Microsoft Edge.

23. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**. Sign in as  **Beth@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** using Beth's password as the password.

24. In the Office 365 portal, in the app launcher, click  **Mail**.

25. On the  **Outlook** page, select your time zone, and then click **Save**.

26. Verify that you received an email from Holly that is IRM protected. Click the message.

27. Click the down arrow beside  **Reply all**, and then verify that you do not have the option to forward or print the message.

28. In Microsoft Edge, connect to  **https://adatumyyxxxxx.sharepoint.com/sites/marketing**.

29. Click  **Documents**, and then click  **document**.

30. After the document opens, try to edit it in Word Online. The option for edit will not be available, and you will have Marketing policy in the title bar.

31. Close Microsoft Edge.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured rights management for Exchange Online and SharePoint Online.


## Exercise 2: Configuring compliance features
  
#### Task 1: Configure the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center permissions and audit logging
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in to the Office 365 portal as holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com by using Holly's password.

3. In the app launcher, click the  **Admin** icon.

4. In the Office 365 admin center, on the navigation menu, select  **Admin centers**, and then click  **Security &amp; Compliance**.

5. In the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center, click  **Permissions**.

6. Click  **Compliance Administrator**, and then click  **Edit** in the **Members** section.

7. On the  **Editing Choose members** page, click  **Choose members**.

8. In the  **Choosing Members** window, click **Add** select **Beth Burke**, click  **Add**, and then click  **Done**.

9. Click  **Save** and then close Compliance Administrator pane.

10. Click  **To assign permissions for archiving, auditing and retention policies, go to the Exchange admin center**.

11. Click  **Compliance Management**, and then click  **Edit**.

12. On the  **Compliance Management** page, under **Members**, click  **Add**.

13. In the  **Select Members** window, click **Beth Burke**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

14. Click  **Save**.

15. Click  **Recipient Management**, and then click  **Edit**.

16. On the  **Recipient Management** page, under **Members**, click  **Add**.

17. In the  **Select Members** window, click **Beth Burke**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

18. Click  **Save**.

19. Close the **Role groups** window.

20. Click  **eDiscovery Manager**, and then scroll down to **eDiscovery Manager** section.

21. On the  **eDiscovery Manager** page, under **eDiscovery Manager**, click  **Edit**.

22. In the  **Editing Choose eDiscovery Manager** window, click **Choose eDiscovery Manager**, click **Add**, select **Christie Thomas**, click  **Add**, and then click  **Done**.

23. Click  **Save** and then close eDiscovery Manager pane.

24. Click  **Search &amp; Investigation**.

25. Click  **Audit log search**.

26. On the  **Audit log search** page, click **Start recording user and admin activities**, and then click  **Turn on** and then click **Yes**. Note that it can take a couple of minutes before this option is enabled.

27. Leave Microsoft Edge window opened.



#### Task 2: Configure archive mailboxes
  
1. In the navigation pane, click  **Data governance**, and then click  **Archive**.

2. In the  **Archive** window, click **Christie Thomas**, and then Ctrl + click  **Catherine Richard**.

3. Under  **Bulk Edit**, click  **Enable**. In the warning message, click  **Yes**, and then click  **Close**.

4. Click  **Refresh**, and then verify that Christie and Catherine have been enabled for an archive mailbox.

5. Leave the  **Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center** open.



#### Task 3: Configure retention tags and policies
  
1. Open the new tab and connect to Office 365 admin portal at https://portal.office.com. Click  **Admin**.

2. In the Office 365 admin portal, expand  **Admin centers**, and then click  **Exchange**.

3. In the Exchange admin center, click  **compliance management** and then click **retention tags**.

4. On  **the retention tags** page, click **New tag**, and then select  **applied automatically to entire mailbox (default)**.

5. Type  **Research User 1 year move to archive** as the name.

6. Select  **Move to Archive** as the **Retention action**.

7. Type  **365** in the **When the item reaches the following age (in days)** text box.

8. Click  **Save**.

9. On the toolbar, click  **New tag**, and then select  **applied automatically to entire mailbox (default)**.

10. Type  **Default 2 years move to Deleted Items** as the name.

11. Select  **Delete and Allow Recovery** as the **Retention action**.

12. Type  **730** in the **When the item reaches the following age (in days)** text box.

13. Click  **Save**.

14. On the toolbar, click  **New tag**, and then select  **applied automatically to a default folder**.

15. Type  **Purge Deleted Items 30 days** as the name.

16. Under  **Apply this tag to the following default folder**, select  **Deleted Items**.

17. Select  **Permanently Delete** as the **Retention action**.

18. Type  **30** in the **When the item reaches the following age (in days)** text box.

19. Click **Save**.

20. On the toolbar, click  **New tag**, and then select  **applied by users to items and folders (personal)**.

21. Type  **2 Year Delete** as the name.

22. Select  **Delete and Allow Recovery** as the **Retention action**.

23. Type  **730** in the **When the item reaches the following age (in days)** text box.

24. Click  **Save**.

25. On the toolbar, click  **New tag**, which is the plus sign ( **+**), and then select  **applied by users to items and folders (personal)**.

26. Type  **Never archive** as the name.

27. Select  **Move to Archive** as the **Retention action**.

28. Select  **Never** as the **Retention period**.

29. Click  **Save**.

30. Click  **retention policies** on the toolbar.

31. On the toolbar, click  **New**.

32. On the  **new retention policy** page, type **Research MRM Policy** as the name.

33. Click  **Add** below **Retention tags**.

34. In the  **select retention tags** window, Ctrl+click the following retention tags:

  -  **Research user 1 year move to archive**

  -  **Never delete**

  -  **2 year delete**

35. Click  **add**, and then click  **ok**. Click  **Save**.

36. In the Exchange admin center, click  **recipients**.

37. Double click  **Christie Thomas**.

38. In the Christie Thomas window, click  **mailbox features**.

39. In the Retention policy drop down box select  **Research MRM Policy**.

40. Click  **Save**.

41. Close the  **Exchange admin center** window.



#### Task 4: Configure content deletion and preservation policies
  
1. Return to the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center.

2. Click  **Data governance**, and then click  **Retention**.

3. On the  **Retention** page, click **Create**.

4. On the  **Name your policy** page, change the policy name to **Marketing Document Policy**, and then click  **Next**.

5. On the  **Settings** page, click **No, just delete content that's older than**, and then type  **7 years** in the text box below. Use **Delete the content based on when it was created** condition. Click **Next**.

6. On the  **Choose locations** page, enable only **Sharepoint sites**. Click  **Choose sites**.

7. On the  **Edit locations** page, click **Choose sites**.

8. On the  **SharePoint sites** page, click the search button.

9. Select  **Adatum Team Site**, and then click  **Choose**. Click  **Done**.

10. Click  **Next**.

11. Select the  **Turn on Preservation Lock** check box, and then click **Next**. In the Warning window, click  **Yes, I'm sure**.

12. Click  **Create this policy**. After the policy is created, click  **Close**.

13. On the  **Retention** page, click **Create**.

14. On the  **Name your policy** page, type **Retain contract details** as the policy name, and then click **Next**.

15. On the  **Settings** page, click **Use advanced retention settings**, and then select  **Detect content that contains specific words or phrases**. Click  **Next**.

16. On the  **Advanced retention** page, type **Contracts** in the **Keyword** query editor, select **Retain the content for 7 years**, and then click  **Next**.

17. On the  **Choose locations** page, click **Let me choose specific locations**, and then select only  **Exchange email**. Click  **Choose recipients**, and then again click  **Choose recipients** on the **Edit locations** page.

18. Type  **Francisco Chavez**, select it, click  **Choose**, and then click  **Done**. Click  **Next**.

19. On the  **Review your settings** page, click **Create this policy**.

20. Leave Microsoft Edge window open.



#### Task 5: Configure data loss prevention policy
  
1. In the navigation pane of Security &amp; Compliance center, click  **Data loss prevention**. Click  **Policy**.

2. Click  **Create a policy**.

3. On the  **Choose the information to protect** page, click  **Custom**, click  **Custom Policy**, and then click  **Next**.

4. On the  **Name your policy** page, type **Test DLP Policy**, and then click  **Next**.

5. On the  **Choose locations** page, select **All locations in Office 365**, and then click  **Next**.

6. On the  **Customize the types of sensitive info you want to protect** page, select **Use advanced settings**, and then click  **Next**.

7. On the  **Customize the types of sensitive info you want to protect** page, click **New rule**.

8. On the  **Create a new rule** page, in the **Name** text box, type **Scan for IP address**.

9. Click  **Add** drop-down list, and then click  **Sensitive info types**.

10. In the  **Sensitive info types** window, click **Add**. Select  **IP Address** from the list, and then click **Add**. Click  **Done**.

11. Click  **Add a condition**, click  **Content is shared**, and then select  **with people outside my organization**.

12. Click  **Add an action**, and then click  **Restrict access to the content for external users**.

13. Under  **User notifications**, enable notifications.

14. Under  **Incident reports**, enable the option to  **Use email incident reports to notify you when a policy match occurs**.

15. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Next**.

16. On the  **Do you want to turn on the policy or test things out first?** page, select **Yes, turn it on right away**, click  **Next**, and then click  **Create**.

17. Click  **Close**.



#### Task 6: Create compliance check content
  
1. Open new Microsoft Edge window, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in to the Office 365 portal as  **Beth@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using Beth's password.

3. On the  **Office 365** home page, click **Mail**. If the language and time zone page appears, select Pacific Time (US&amp;Canada) and click  **Save**.

4. Click  **New**, type the new Microsoft account email address that you created for this course in the  **To** line, type **Server IP address** as the **Subject**, type  **My IP is 192.168.1.15** as the message body, and then click **Send**. Note: If you didn't create Microsoft account for this course, you can also use your private email address for this purpose.

5. Ensure that you received a message from Microsoft Outlook, telling you that your email message conflicts with a policy in your organization. Note: You might have to click  **Other** in the middle pane to see the message. Also, sometimes it takes time for the message to arrive. You can proceed with other tasks.



#### Task 7: Validate the configuration
  
1. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

2. Sign in to the Office 365 portal as  **Christie@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using Christie's password.

3. Click  **Mail**.

4. Select  **Pacific Time (US&amp;Canada)** time zone, and then click **Save**.

5. In the left pane of Christie's mailbox, under  **Folders**, click  **More**.

6. Verify that a folder named  **In-Place Archive - Christie Thomas** has been created.

7. Close Microsoft Edge.

8. Open Microsoft Edge, and then connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

9. Sign in to the Office 365 portal as  **Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using Holly's password.

10. Click  **Mail**.

11. Verify that you have received notification about the message you tried to send from Beth's account. This message should have  **Rule detected** words in the subject. Note: You might have to click **Other** in the middle pane to see the message.

12. Close all Microsoft Edge browser windows.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have implemented the following features in Office 365:Delegate rights in the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center.Enable archive mailboxes.Configure retention tags and policies.Configure content deletion and preservation policies.Configure DLP.


## Exercise 3: Configuring email protection
  
#### Task 1: Configure the malware filter
  
1. On LON-CL1, open Microsoft Edge browser and navigate to portal.office.com.

2. Sign in to the Microsoft Office 365 portal as  **holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com** by using Holly's password.

3. In the app launcher, click the  **Admin** icon.

4. In the Office 365 admin center, navigate to  **Admin centers** and then click **Exchange**.

5. In the Exchange admin center, click  **protection**, and then click  **malware filter**.

6. Click  **Default**, and then click  **Edit**.

7. In the  **Default** window, click **settings**.

8. Under  **Notifications**, select the  **Notify internal senders** check box.

9. Select the  **Notify administrator about undelivered messages from internal senders** check box.

10. In the  **Administrator email address** text box, type **Holly@adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**.

11. Select the  **Notify administrator about undelivered messages from external senders** check box.

12. In the  **Administrator email address** text box, type **Holly@ adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, and then click  **Save**.



#### Task 2: Configure the connection filter
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, click  **connection filter**.

2. Click  **Default**, and then click  **Edit**.

3. In the  **Default** window, click **connection filtering**.

4. Under  **IP Block list**, click  **Add**.

5. In the  **add blocked IP address** window, type **192.168.0.0/24**, and then click  **OK**.

6. Select the  **Enable safe list** check box, and then click **Save**.



#### Task 3: Configure the spam filter
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, click  **spam filter**.

2. Click  **Default**, and then click  **Edit**.

3. In the **Default** window, click **spam and bulk actions**.

4. In the  **High confidence spam** box, select **Quarantine message**, and then click  **Save**.

5. Click  **New**.

6. In the  **new spam filter policy** window, in the **Name** text box, type **Projects spam policy**.

7. In the  **Spam** box, select **Prepend subject line with text**.

8. In the  **High confidence spam** box, select **Move message to Junk Email folder**.

9. In the Prepend subject line with this text field type Junk:

10. Scroll to the bottom of the window, and under  **Applied To**, in the  **If** box, select **The recipient is a member of**, click  **Projects**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

11. Click  **Save**.



#### Task 4: Enable Advanced Threat Protection
  
1. In the Exchange admin center, click  **advanced threats**, and then click  **safe attachments**.

2. Click  **New**.

3. In the  **new safe attachments** window, in the **Name** text box, type **Projects policy**.

4. Under  **Safe attachments unknown malware response**, click  **Replace - Block the attachments with detected malware, continue to deliver the message**.

5. Below  **Applied To** in the **If** box, select **The recipient is a member of**.

6. In the  **Select Members** window, click **Projects**, click  **add**, and then click  **OK**.

7. In the  **new safe attachments policy** window, click **Save**.

8. In the  **Warning** window, click **OK**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have explored the anti-spam and anti-virus settings that are available in Exchange Online.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting security and compliance
  
#### Task 1: Configure the super user feature for Azure Information Protection
  
1. Ensure that you are signed in as Holly on  **LON-CL1**.

2. Open Microsoft Edge, navigate to  **https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30339**, and then download the Azure Rights Management Administration Tool. Select to download  **WindowsAzureADRightsManagementAdministration_x64.exe** file.

3. Click Save and then run  **WindowsAzureADRightsManagementAdministration_x64.exe**. In the User Account Control window click  **Yes**.

4. In the Windows Azure AD Rights Management Administration Setup window, click  **Next**.

5. Accept the license agreement and click  **Next**. Click  **Install** and then click **Finish**.

6. Open Microsoft Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell from the desktop.

7. Type  **Connect-MsolService**, and then press Enter.

8. Sign in with Holly's credentials.

9. Type  **Connect-AadrmService**, and then press Enter. If needed, sign in again with Holly's credentials.

10. Type  **Enable-AadrmSuperUserFeature**, and then press Enter. Confirm that you receive the message and that the super user feature is enabled.

11. Type  **Add-AadrmSuperUser -emailAddress** holly@adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com, and then press Enter. Ensure that you get the message that Holly was added to super users.

12. Type  **Get-AadrmSuperUser**, and then type Enter. Verify that only Holly is listed.

13. Close Microsoft Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell.

14. Sign out from  **LON-CL1**.



#### Task 2: Verifying access to protected document
  
1. Sign in as  **Adatum\Beth** to **LON-CL1**.

2. Click  **Start**, and then open Word 2016.

3. In the  **Word** window, click **Ask me later**, click  **Accept** and then at the top-right corner, click **Switch account** or **Sign in to get most out of Office**.

4. In the  **Sign in** dialog box, type **Beth@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, and then click  **Next**.

5. Type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

6. Click Blank document and then in the  **Word** document window, type the text of your choice.

7. Click  **File**, click  **Info**, and then click  **Protect Document**. Navigate to  **Restrict Access**, and then click  **Restricted Access**. Note: In some cases, you will first have to choose to connect to Rights Management server to retrieve templates.

8. In the  **Permissions** window, select **Restrict permission to this document**.

9. In the  **Read** text box, type **Christie@adatumyyxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, and then click  **OK**.

10. Save the protected document in the  **C:\Labfiles** folder on **LON-CL1**. Name the document  **test.docx**.

11. Close Word and then sign out from  **LON-CL1**.



#### Task 3: Validating the super user feature
  
1. Sign in to  **LON-CL1** as **Adatum\Holly** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

2. Click  **Start**, and then open Word 2016.

3. In the  **Word** window, at the top-right corner, if Holly Spencer is not signed in, click **Switch account** or **Sign in to get most out of Office**. If Holly Spencer is already signed in to Word, you can proceed to step 7.

4. In the  **Accounts** dialog box, click **Add Account**.

5. In the  **Sign in** dialog box, type **holly@adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, and then click  **Next**.

6. Type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

7. Click  **Open Other Documents**, and then click  **Browse**.

8. Navigate to  **C:\LabFiles**, click  **test.docx**, and then click  **Open**.

9. Verify that you can open the document, although you are not listed on the document access list in the previous tasks. This is because Holly is configured as a super user.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have configured the super user feature on your Office 365 tenant and assigned Holly as a super user.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  
