# Lab Answer Key:  Module 7: Planning and deploying Office 365 ProPlus
# Lab: Managing Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
## Exercise 1: Preparing Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
#### Task 1: Download the Office 365 Deployment Tool
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, on the taskbar, click  **File Explorer**.

2. In  **File Explorer**, expand  **This PC**, and then click the  **Local Disk (C:)** in the left navigation pane.

3. In  **File Explorer**, click the  **Home** tab, and then click **New Folder**.

4. Type  **Office16**, and then press Enter.

5. In  **File Explorer**, right-click  **Office16**, click  **Share with**, and then click  **Specific people**.

6. In the  **File Sharing** dialog box, click the drop-down list box, select **Everyone** from the list, click **Add**, and then click  **Share**.

7. In the  **File Sharing** dialog box, click **Done**.

8. From the taskbar, open the  **Microsoft Edge** browser.

9. In the address bar, type  **https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=49117**, and then press Enter.

10. On the  **Office 2016 Deployment Tool** page, expand **Details**,  **System Requirements**, and  **Install Instructions**.

11. Read and familiarize yourself with each section. You can mark this page as a favorite to refer to later.

12. Click  **Download** and notice the information bar at the bottom of the browser.

13. Click  **Save**, and once the download is completed, click  **Run**.

14. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

15. Accept the license agreement and click  **Continue**.

16. Browse to the  **Office16** folder on **This PC's C: drive**.

17. Click  **OK**. You should see that the files were extracted successfully. Click  **OK**.

18. Navigate to the  **Office16** folder with **File Explorer**. You should see two files named  **configuration** and **setup**.



#### Task 2: Modify an Office 365 ProPlus installation
  
1. In this step, you will back up the Office 16 **configuration.xml** file and then open it so that you can edit it in the next step. To do this, on LON-CL1, perform the following steps:
In  **File Explorer**, in Office16 folder, right-click  **configuration.xml**, and then click  **Copy**. Right click in an empty area, and then click  **Paste**.

2. Click and right-click the  **configuration.xml** file, click **Open with**, and then click  **Notepad**.

3. In  **Notepad**, edit the first  "**&lt;Add**" line after "**&lt;Configuration&gt;**" to read:

```
<Add SourcePath="\\LON-CL1\Office16\" OfficeClientEdition="32" Channel="Monthly">
```

4. In  **Notepad**, remove all the remaining comment codes in the lines that start with:  "**&lt;!--**" and end with "**--&gt;**" (Note: leave the comment codes on the instructions paragraph at the top of the file) 
so each line of code begins with a "**&lt;**" (less-than symbol).

5. Comment out Microsoft Visio with the  "**&lt;!--**" and "**--&gt;**" codes to make the download quicker,  
**by replacing this code:**

```
  </Product>
  <Product ID="VisioProRetail">
    <Language ID="en-us" />
  <Product>
```

**with this code:**

```
  </Product>
<!--
  <Product ID="VisioProRetail">
    <Language ID="en-us" />
  </Product>
-->
```

6. The entire file beginning with "**&lt;Configuration&gt;**"  
**should look like this:**

```
<Configuration>

 <Add SourcePath= "\\\\LON-CL1\\Office16" OfficeClientEdition="32" Channel="Monthly">
    <Product ID="O365ProPlusRetail">
     <Language ID="en-us" />
   </Product>
<!-- 
  <Product ID="VisioProRetail">
    <Language ID="en-us" />
  </Product>
-->
  </Add>

<Updates Enabled="TRUE" Channel="Monthly" />

<Display Level="None" AcceptEULA="TRUE" />

<Property Name="AUTOACTIVATE" Value="1" />

</Configuration>
```

7. Save the file as  **AdatumConfiguration.xml**, and then close  **Notepad**.

8. Switch to  **File Explorer** (you should still be in the **Office16** folder), press Shift, right-click any white space below the file list, and then click **Open command window here**.

9. At the command prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Setup /?
  ```

10. Note the  **Office Deployment Tool** command-line options.

11. At the command prompt, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  setup.exe /download \\LON-CL1\Office16\AdatumConfiguration.xml
  ```

12. In the  **User Account Control** window, click **Yes**.

13. The download will take several minutes to complete.

14. Switch to  **File Explorer**, and verify that the download has started in the  **Office16** folder. The existence of the **Office** folder verifies this. You can continue with the next task and leave the download in the background.


>  **Result**: You will have downloaded a copy of the Microsoft Office 365 ProPlus install for managed deployment to a shared folder. You will also have downloaded and installed the Office Deployment Tool on the same machine.


## Exercise 2: Managing user-driven Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
#### Task 1: Managing user rights to install Office 365 ProPlus
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, switch to Microsoft Edge, browse to  **portal.office.com**, and then sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, by using Holly's password.

2. On the  **Office 365** home page, click **Admin**.

3. In the  **Office 365 admin center**, navigate to  **Users** and then click **Active Users**.

4. Select  **Abbi Skinner**, and then next to  **Product licenses**, click  **Edit**.

5. Set the  **Office 365 ProPlus** option to **Off**, click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

6. In the Office 365 admin center, under  **Active users**, click  **Catherine Richard**.

7. Beside  **Product licenses**, click  **Edit**.

8. Under  **Location**, select  **United Kingdom**, and then enable  **Office 365 Enterprise E5**.

9. Verify that Beth has permission to use all features.

10. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

11. In the  **Office 365 admin center**, click  **Home** icon.

12. Click  **Software download settings**.

13. In the  **Software for PC and mobile devices** section, under **2016 version**, turn off all options.

14. Click  **Save**, and then  **Close**.

15. On the  **Admin** page, click the **Profile photo** icon for **Holly Spencer** in the top right of the screen, and then click **Sign Out**.

16. On the  **Sign in** page, at **https://portal.office.com**, sign in as  **Abbi@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, by using Abbi's password.

17. On the  **Default Landing** page, click the small Gear icon in the top-right corner, and then click the **Office 365** option.

18. On the  **Office 365** settings page, click **Software**. Click  **Office**.

>  **Note:** Because this user is not licensed for Office 365 ProPlus, Office 2016 is not available for download.

19. Close and reopen Microsoft Edge and connect to  **https://portal.office.com**.

20. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Name** box, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

21. In the  **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

22. On the default landing page, click the small Gear icon in the top-right corner, and then click  **Office 365**.

23. On the  **Settings** page, click **Software**.

>  **Note:** This user has a license, but Skype for Business 2016 and Office 2016 are not available for download because Holly disabled Office download.

24. Click  **Phone &amp; tablet**. Verify that  **Phone and tablet** apps are available.

25. Close  **Microsoft Edge**.

26. Open  **Microsoft Edge**.

27. In the address bar, type  **https://portal.office.com**, and then press Enter.

28. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

29. On the  **Office 365** home page, click **Admin**.

30. In the  **Office 365 admin center**, click  **Software download settings**.

31. Next to the  **2016 desktop and mobile apps** version, set the value to **On**. Verify that Office and Skype for Business are both set to on, and click  **Save**.

32. Click  **Close**.

33. In  **Microsoft Edge**, on the  **User Software** page, click the **Profile photo** icon for **Holly Spencer**, and then click  **Sign out**.

>  **Note:** Instead of signing out your admin user every time, you can click the Microsoft Edge browser **More** icon (**...**) at the top right of the browser and open a **New InPrivate** window. This will allow you to have two sessions at a time open.

34. Switch to  **LON-CL2**. Verify that you are signed in as  **Beth**.

35. Open  **Microsoft Edge**.

36. In the address bar, type  **https://portal.office.com**, and then press Enter.

37. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Name** box, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

38. In the  **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

39. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the small Gear icon in the top-right corner, and then click **Office 365**.

40. On the  **Settings** page, click **Software**.

>  **Note:** This user has a license, and Office 2016 is now available for download.

41. Verify that  **Office** and **Skype for Business** desktop software are available to install.

42. Do not install, but notice that this user can now install the 32-bit version of Office 365 ProPlus and select which language they want to install. They must click  **Advanced** to select the 64-bit version option.

43. Note also that  **Phone and tablet** apps are available from the left menu.

44. Leave this page open, and continue to the next lab to perform the user-driven installation.



#### Task 2: Installing Office 365 ProPlus from the Office 365 portal
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, in  **Microsoft Edge**, on the  **Office 365** portal, in the **Language** section, select the language to install from the drop-down menu.

2. Leave  **32-bit** selected.

3. Click  **Install**.

4. In the  **Microsoft Edge** notification bar, click **Save**, and then click  **Run**.

5. If the  **User Account Control** dialog box appears, type **Adatum\\Holly** in the user name box; in the **Password** box, type **Pa55w.rd**, and then click  **Yes**.

6. On the taskbar, click the  **Office** icon, and note the status of the download.

>  **Note:** It will take several minutes to complete, but applications are now available.

7. Click  **Close** when the wizard finishes.

8. Click  **Start**, and then click  **Word 2016**. On the  **first things first** window, click **Accept**.

9. In the top-right corner, if no one is signed in click the link  **Sign in to get most out of office.** Sign in as **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, using Beth's password.

10. Once signed in, your subscription license is activated. At the top right, under  **Beth Burke**, click  **Switch account**.

11. Click  **Sign out**, and then click  **Sign out** next to **Beth**'s name.

12. In the  **Remove Account** dialog box, click **Yes**.

13. At the top right, click  **Sign in to get the most out of Office**.

14. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **E-mail address** box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Next**.

15. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

16. Click  **Blank document**.

17. Type some text.

18. Click  **File**, and then click  **Save**.

19. Click  **Sites - Adatum**, and then click  **Adatum** in the right pane.

20. Double-click the  **Documents** folder, and then save the file with the name **Meeting Agenda**.

21. Click  **Save**. You might see a  **streaming features** message.

22. Close  **Word**.

23. Switch back to  **Beth Burke**'s Office 365 session in Microsoft Edge.

24. In the top-right corner, click the  **Settings** icon, and then click **Office 365**.

25. On the  **Office 365 settings** page, click **Software**.

26. Note that you now have a new section at the top of the page in which you can manage Office 365 installs.

27. Click  **Tools &amp; Add-ins**.



#### Task 3: Managing Office licenses
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, sign out of Beth's account on the  **Office 365** page.

2. Sign back in as Holly Spencer with the username  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

3. In the  **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

4. On the  **Office 365** home page, click **Admin**.

5. In the  **Office 365 admin center**, in the middle pane, click  **Users**, and then click  **Beth Burke**.

6. In the right pane, under  **Product licenses**, click  **Edit**.

7. Under  **Office 365 Enterprise E5**, set the  **Office 365 ProPlus** option to **Off** to remove the license from Beth's account, click **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

8. In  **Microsoft Edge**, at the top right, click the  **Profile photo** icon for **Holly Spencer**, and then click  **Sign out**.

9. On the  **Sign in** page, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

10. In the  **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

11. In the top-right corner, click the  **Settings** icon, and then click **Office 365**.

12. On the  **Settings** page, click **Software**.

13. Note that the Office installation is no longer listed, as this user no longer has an active license (although software is available).

>  **Note:** The Office 365 ProPlus applications will still be available to Beth on any machine on which she already installed them, but within 30 days, they will enter low-functionality mode. This means she will only be able to read and print documents.


#### Task 4: Reactivating Office 365 ProPlus
  
1. Sign out of the  **Office 365** page, and then sign back in as **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

2. In the  **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

3. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the **Admin** tile.

4. In the  **Office 365 admin center**, click  **Users**, and then click  **Beth Burke**.

5. In the right pane, under  **Product licenses**, click  **Edit**.

6. Under  **Office 365 Enterprise E5**, set the  **Office 365 ProPlus** option to **On**, click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

7. Close  **Microsoft Edge**.


>  **Result**: When completed, you should be able to activate Office 365 ProPlus for self-service installations. You should also be able to set licensing options correctly for end users so that deployment and installation is possible.


## Exercise 3: Managing centralized Office 365 ProPlus installations
  
#### Task 1: Configure a GPO to distribute the custom installation
  
1. Switch to  **LON-DC1** and connect as **Adatum\\Administrator** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

2. On  **LON-DC1**, in  **Server Manager**, click  **Tools**, and then click  **Active Directory Users and Computers**.

3. In the console tree, right-click  **Adatum.com**, point to  **New**, and then click  **Organizational Unit**.

4. Type  **Adatum\_Computers**, and then click  **OK**.

5. In the console tree, under  **Adatum.com**, click  **Computers**.

6. Right-click  **LON-CL3**, click  **Move**, click  **Adatum\_Computers**, and then click  **OK**.

7. In  **Server Manager**, click  **Tools**, and then click  **Group Policy Management**.

8. In the  **Group Policy Management** window, expand **Forest: Adatum.com**, expand  **Domains**, expand  **Adatum.com**, and then click  **Adatum\_Computers**.

9. Right-click  **Adatum\_Computers**, and then click  **Create a GPO in this domain, and Link it here**.

10. In the  **New GPO** dialog box, in the **Name** box, type **DeployO365**, and then click  **OK**.

11. In  **Group Policy Management**, click  **Adatum\_Computers**, and in the right pane, right-click  **DeployO365**, and then click  **Edit**. If you see a  **Group Policy Management Console** window, click **OK**.

12. In  **Group Policy Management Editor**, expand  **Computer Configuration**,  **Policies**,  **Windows Settings**, and then click  **Scripts (Startup/Shutdown)**.

13. Double-click  **Startup**, and then click  **Show Files**.

14. In  **File Explorer**, click  **Home**, click  **New item**, click  **Text Document**, and then press Enter to accept the default name.

15. Double-click  **New Text Document.txt**.

16. In  **Notepad**, add the following line:

  ```
  \\LON-CL1\Office16\setup.exe /configure \\LON-CL1\Office16\AdatumConfiguration.xml
  ```

17. Save the file as  **DeployO365.cmd**. Ensure that in  **Save as type**, you select  **All Files** and that the file extension is **.CMD**.

18. Click  **Save**.

19. Close  **Notepad**.

20. Delete  **New Text Document**.

21. Switch back to the  **Group Policy Management Editor**,  **Startup Properties** dialog box.

22. Click  **Add**.

23. In the  **Add a Script** dialog box, click **Browse**.

24. In the  **Browse** dialog box, select **DeployO365.cmd**, and then click  **Open**.

25. In the  **Add a Script** dialog box, click **OK**.

26. In the  **Startup Properties** dialog box, click **OK**.

27. Close  **Group Policy Management Editor**.

28. Sign out of  **LON-DC1**.

29. Note that you could also deploy this script by using Intune, Configuration Manager, or other electronic software distribution.



#### Task 2: Verify the installation
  
1. Switch to  **LON-CL3**, and if necessary, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth**, by using,  **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

2. Right-click the  **Start** button, and then click **Command Prompt**.

3. Type  **gpupdate /force**, and then press Enter.

4. Wait for the Group Policy to update for both the computer and user and then close the command prompt.

5. Restart the computer.

>  **Note:** If any updates have downloaded, click **Update**, and then restart.

6. Wait five minutes after  **LON-CL3** has restarted before continuing. This is to allow the Group Policy settings to take effect on **LON-CL3**.

7. Sign in as  **ADATUM\\Beth** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password. You might have to wait for Office to finish installing.

8. Click  **Start**, and note that Office 2016 is installed. You might have to wait up to 15 minutes before you see any available Office applications.

9. Click  **Word 2016**. If you do not see it on the  **Start** menu, type **Word** to bring up the icon.

10. On the  **Activate Office** page, in the **E-mail address** box, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, and then click  **Next**.

11. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**. Click  **OK** on the notification window.

12. In the  **First things first** dialog box, click **Accept**.

13. Close the  **Welcome to your new Office** dialog box.

14. In the templates list, click  **Blank document**.

15. Type some text.

16. Click  **File**, and then click  **Save**.

17. Click  **This PC**.

18. In  **File name**, enter  **Meeting Report**, and then click  **Save**.

19. Right-click the taskbar, and then click  **Task Manager**.

20. In  **Task Manager**, click  **More details**.

21. On the  **Processes** tab, under **Background processes**, notice that  **Microsoft Office Click-to-Run** appears.

22. Click the  **Details** tab, and notice **officeclicktorun.exe** in the task list.

23. Click the  **Services** tab, and notice that the **ClickToRunSvc** service is running.

>  **Note:** Check **Task Manager** for your deployment. These items will all be present in a successful install.

24. Close  **Task Manager**.

25. Close  **Word 2016**.

26. Sign out of  **LON-CL3**.

27. Switch to  **LON-CL2** and sign out of **LON-CL2**.


>  **Result**: You will have enabled centralized managed deployment of Office 365 ProPlus and implemented a standardized Microsoft Office configuration by using one version of Office.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting Office 365 ProPlus deployments
  
#### Task 1: Produce a problem
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, sign out as  **Adatum\\Holly**.

2. Sign in as  **Adatum\\Administrator** with a password of **Pa55w.rd**.

3. Click  **Start**, type  **PowerShell**, right-click  **Windows PowerShell** and then click **Run as administrator**.

4. In the Administrator: Windows PowerShell window, type  **C:\\Labfiles\\Mod07\\Mod7\_CreateProblem.ps1** file, and then press **Enter**.

5. When prompted, sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number, with Holly's password.

6. Please wait 10 minutes after the script is finished before proceeding with the next lab task.



#### Task 2: Identify a problem
  
1. On  **LON-CL2**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

2. Click  **Start**, and then click  **Word 2016**.

3. If a  **Problem with Shortcut** dialog box, click **No**.

4. Open  **Microsoft Edge**.

5. In the address bar, type  **https://portal.office.com**, and then press Enter.

6. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Name** box, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

7. In the  **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

8. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the small Gear icon in the top-right corner, and then click **Office 365**.

9. On the  **Settings** page, click **Software**.

10. Notice that Beth only can install Skype for Business.

11. Sign out of  **LON-CL2**.

12. Switch to  **LON-CL3**.

13. On  **LON-CL3**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

14. Verify that Office 365 ProPlus is no longer installed on the device.



#### Task 3: Troubleshoot a problem
  
1. Switch to  **LON-CL1**.

2. On  **LON-CL1**, sign out as  **Adatum\\Administrator**.

3. Sign in as  **Adatum\\Holly** with a password of **Pa55w.rd**.

4. Open  **Microsoft Edge**.

5. In the address bar, type  **https://portal.office.com**, and then press Enter.

6. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Name** box, type **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

7. In the  **Password** box, type Holly's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

8. On the  **Office 365** home page, click **Admin**.

9. In the  **Office 365 admin center**, click  **Users**, click  **Active Users** and then click **Beth Burke**.

10. Beside  **Product licenses**, click  **Edit**.

11. Notice that the license for Office 365 ProPlus is set to  **Off**.

12. Switch the license for Office 365 ProPlus to  **On**.

13. Click  **Save**, and then click  **Close** twice.

14. Switch to  **LON-CL2**.

15. On  **LON-CL2**, sign in as  **Adatum\\Beth** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

16. Open  **Microsoft Edge**.

17. In the address bar, type  **https://portal.office.com**, and then press Enter.

18. On the  **Sign in** page, in the **Name** box, type **Beth@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, where ***yyxxxxx*** is your unique Adatum number.

19. In the  **Password** box, type Beth's password, and then click  **Sign in**.

20. On the  **Office 365** home page, click the small Gear icon in the top-right corner, and then click **Office 365**.

21. On the  **Settings** page, click **Software**.

22. Verify that Beth now can install Office 365 ProPlus.

23. Switch to  **LON-CL3**.

24. Right-click  **Start**, and then click  **Command Prompt (Admin)**.

25. In the  **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.

26. In the  **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, type the following two commands, and then press Enter after each command:

  ```
  Gpupdate /force
  ```

  ```
  gpresult /r
  ```

27. In the result of the last command, verify that the  **DeployO365** GPO is listed in the filtered-out GPOs due to a disabled link.

28. Switch to  **LON-DC1** and sign in as **Adatum\\Administrator**, by using  **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

29. On  **LON-DC1**, in  **Server Manager**, click  **Tools**, and then click  **Group Policy Management**.

30. In the  **Group Policy Management** window, expand **Forest: Adatum.com**, expand  **Domains**, expand  **Adatum.com**, and then expand  **Adatum\_Computers**.

31. Verify that the link to the  **DeployO365** GPO is disabled.

32. Right-click the link to the  **DeployO365** GPO, and then click **Link Enabled**.

33. Sign out of  **LON-DC1**.

34. Switch to  **LON-CL3**.

35. In the  **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  Gpupdate /force
  ```

36. In the  **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, type the following command, and then press Enter:

  ```
  gpresult /r
  ```

37. In the result of the command, verify that the  **DeployO365** GPO is now listed in the **Applied GPOs** list.

38. Restart  **LON-CL3**.

39. After  **LON-CL3** has restarted, sign in as **Adatum\\Holly** by using **Pa55w.rd** as the password.

40. Click  **Start**, and note that Office 2016 is installed. You might have to wait up to 15 minutes before you see any available Office applications.



#### Task 4: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, close all open windows and keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this lab, you will be able to resolve Office 365 ProPlus issues.



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  
