# Module 4: Administering and troubleshooting Exchange Online
# Lab: Administering and troubleshooting Exchange Online
  
### Scenario
  
 Adatum Corporation has moved most of its users to Office 365. You now must ensure that you can manage Exchange recipients in Exchange Online. You also must ensure that you can delegate permissions in Exchange Online.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Configure and administer Exchange Online recipients.

- Delegate administrative permissions.

- Configure client access policies.

- Troubleshoot Exchange Online recipient issues.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 75 minutes

Virtual machines:  **10997A-LON-DC1**,  **10997A-LON-DS1**, and  **10997A-LON-CL1**

 User name:  **Adatum\\Administrator**

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 For this lab, you will use the available virtual machine environment. Before you begin the lab, if necessary, you must complete the following steps:

1. On the host computer, click  **Start**, point to  **Administrative Tools**, and then click  **Hyper-V Manager**.

2. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **MT17B-WS2016-NAT**, and then in the  **Actions** pane, click **Start**.

3. In the  **Actions** pane, click **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

4. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **10997A-LON-DC1**, and then in the  **Actions** pane, click **Start**.

5. In the  **Actions** pane, click **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

6. Sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Administrator**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**

7. Repeat steps 4 through 6 for  **10997A-LON-DS1** and **10997A-LON-CL1**.


 In all tasks where you see references to **Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**, replace ***yyxxxxx*** with your unique Adatum number, that you choose in Lab 1 - Exercise 1, Task 1.


## Exercise 1: Configuring and administering Exchange Online Recipients
  
### Scenario
  
 In preparation for migrating more users to Office 365, you must ensure that you can manage Exchange Online recipients by using the Exchange admin center and Windows PowerShell. Also, you must create distribution groups and resource mailboxes.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Manage a user mailbox

2. Create groups and assign mailboxes

3. Create a shared mailbox

4. Connect to Exchange Online with Windows PowerShell

5. Create resource mailboxes



#### Task 1: Manage a user mailbox
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in Microsoft Edge, navigate to https://portal.office.com/ and sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with Holly's password.

2. Open the Office 365 admin center and then open Exchange Admin center.

3. Disable IMAP access for Amy Santiago and enable archive for this user. Name the archive folder  **AmyArchive**.



#### Task 2: Create groups and assign mailboxes
  
1. Use the Exchange admin center to create a distribution group named  **DLGroup1**.

2. Add  **Adam Hobbs**,  **Ada Russell**, and  **Amy Santiago** as members.

3. Delegate the Send on Behalf permission to  **Amy Santiago**.



#### Task 3: Create a shared mailbox
  
1. Use the Exchange admin center to create a shared mailbox named  **Projects**.

2. Add  **Ada Russell** and **Abbi Skinner** as users who can access this shared mailbox.

3. Sign in to the Office 365 portal as  **Ada Russell** and verify that you can open the **Projects** shared mailbox.



#### Task 4: Connect to Exchange Online with Windows PowerShell
  
1. On the desktop of  **LON-CL1**, right-click  **Windows Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell**, and then click  **Run as administrator**.

2. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  $credential = Get-Credential
  ```

3. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with the password **Pa$$word**.

4. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Connect-MsolService -Credential $credential
  ```

5. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  $exchangeSession = New-PSSession -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -ConnectionUri "https://outlook.office365.com/powershell-liveid/" -Credential $credential -Authentication "Basic" -AllowRedirection
  ```

6. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Import-PSSession $exchangeSession -DisableNameChecking
  ```

7. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Get-Mailbox
  ```

>  **Note:** This command returns the list of mailboxes and verifies that you can connect to your Office 365 subscription.


#### Task 5: Create resource mailboxes
  
1. In the Exchange Admin center, open  **resources**.

2. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  New-Mailbox -Name "Conference Room" -Room
  ```

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Set-CalendarProcessing "Conference Room" -AutomateProcessing AutoAccept
  ```

4. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  New-Mailbox -Name "Demonstration Laptop" -Equipment
  ```

5. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Set-CalendarProcessing "Demonstration Laptop" -AutomateProcessing AutoAccept
  ```

>  **Note:** If you receive an error when you run the **Set-CalendarProcessing** cmdlet for either of these objects, wait a few moments and repeat.

6. In the Exchange Admin center, click  **Refresh**. You should be able to see both resources.

7. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Set-Mailbox "Conference Room" -ResourceCapacity "25"
  ```

8. In the Exchange Admin center, click  **Refresh**. You should be able to see the  **Capacity** you configured in the details pane on the right.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have created and configured Microsoft Exchange Online recipients.


## Exercise 2: Configuring delegated administration
  
### Scenario
  
 Adatum has delegated some administrative tasks in Exchange 2016 on-premises and would like to duplicate this configuration in Exchange Online. You must configure delegated administration to achieve this task.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Assign users to built-in role groups

2. Create a new admin role and assign a user to it

3. Create a new role assignment policy



#### Task 1: Assign users to built-in role groups
  
1. In the Exchange admin center, on the  **permissions** tab, on the **admin roles** tab, click **Organization management**, and then click  **Edit**.

2. Add  **Ada** as a member of the role.



#### Task 2: Create a new admin role and assign a user to it
  
1. Switch to Windows PowerShell.

2. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlets:

  ```
  Enable-OrganizationCustomization
  ```

  ```
  New-RoleGroup -Name BranchOfficeAdmins -roles "Mail Recipients", "Distribution Groups", "Move Mailboxes", "Mail Recipient Creation"
  ```

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Add-RoleGroupMember "BranchOfficeAdmins" -Member Abbi
  ```

4. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following cmdlet:

  ```
  Get-RoleGroupMember "BranchOfficeAdmins"
  ```

5. In the Exchange admin center, click  **Refresh**. Ensure that you can see the new  **BranchOffice Admins** role group. Also, verify roles that are added and verify that **Amy** is a member.



#### Task 3: Create a new role assignment policy
  
1. In the Exchange Admin center, click  **user roles**.

2. Switch to Windows PowerShell.

3. In the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following command:

  ```
  New-RoleAssignmentPolicy "Limited Mailbox Configuration" -Roles MyBaseOptions,MyAddressInformation,MyDisplayName
  ```

4. To change the default role assignment policy for new mailboxes, in the  **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following command:

  ```
  Set-RoleAssignmentPolicy "Limited Mailbox Configuration" -IsDefault
  ```

5. When prompted, type  **Y**, and then press Enter.

6. In the Exchange admin center, click  **Refresh**. You can see the new role assignment policy.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have configured delegated administration of your Exchange Online organization.


## Exercise 3: Configuring client access policies
  
### Scenario
  
 Adatum wants to restrict some options for Outlook on the web and mobile clients. You must configure Outlook Web App policies and mobile device access and mailbox policies to accomplish this task.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Configure Outlook Web App policies

2. Configure mobile device access

3. Configure a mailbox policy for mobile devices



#### Task 1: Configure Outlook Web App policies
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, browse to the Outlook Web App policies in permissions.

2. Create a new Outlook Web App policy named  **Limited features** with the following features disabled:

  -  **Instant messaging**

  -  **Text messaging**

  -  **Unified messaging**

  -  **LinkedIn contact sync**

  -  **Journaling**

  -  **Direct file access** for private computers.

3. Associate the  **Limited features** Outlook Web App policy with **Abbi Skinner**.

4. In Outlook, create a new message for  **Abbi Skinner**, and then attach the  **C:\\Windows\\Logs\\DISM\\dism.log** file.

5. Sign in as  **Abbi@adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** with the password assigned to Abbi.

6. Verify that  **Abbi** is unable to access the attachment in the new message.

>  **Note:** In some cases, it may take a few minutes for the new Outlook Web App mailbox policy to take effect.


#### Task 2: Configure mobile device access
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, in the Exchange admin center, browse to  **mobile device access** in **mobile**.

2. Edit the  **Exchange ActiveSync Access settings** to quarantine new mobile devices and notify **Holly Spencer**.



#### Task 3: Configure a mailbox policy for mobile devices
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, browse to  **mobile device mailbox policies** in **mobile**.

2. Modify the  **Default** policy to:

  -  **Require a password**

  -  **Allow simple passwords**

  -  **Minimum password length** of **4**


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have configured client access policies.


## Exercise 4: Troubleshooting Exchange Online
  
### Scenario
  
 In this exercise, you will first run a script to simulate a problem. Your task is to identify the issue and resolve it.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Generate a problem

2. Identify and resolve issues

3. Prepare for the next module



#### Task 1: Generate a problem
  
1. Open  **Windows Azure Active Directory Module for Windows PowerShell** with administrative privileges.

2. Execute the **Mod4\_CreateProblem.ps1** script from the **C:\\LabFiles\\Mod04** folder.

3. Provide the **Holly@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com** credentials when prompted.



#### Task 2: Identify and resolve issues
  
1. Open the Office 365 sign-in page and sign in as  **Ada@Adatum*yyxxxxx*.onmicrosoft.com**.

2. Try to open Outlook on the web for  **Ada Russell**. You will not be able to do so.

3. Identify and troubleshoot this issue so that Ada Russell is able to access her mailbox via Outlook on the web.

4. Try to open the  **Projects** shared mailbox from Ada's mailbox. You will not be able to do so.

5. Identify and troubleshoot this issue so that  **Ada Russell** is able to access the **Projects** shared mailbox.



#### Task 3: Prepare for the next module
  
- Keep the virtual machines running for the lab in the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have troubleshot Exchange Online.



## 
  
**Question** 
Why was user Ada Russell not able to access Outlook on the web?

**Question** 
What do you need to do to manage your Exchange Online tenant by using Windows PowerShell?



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  