# Module 1: Office 365 services overview
# Lab: Office 365 services overview
  
### Scenario
  
 As one of the most experienced IT administrators at A. Datum Corporation, you are responsible for Office 365 management. To start, you want to provision your Office 365 tenant so that you can evaluate some administrative tasks.


### Objectives
  
 After completing this lab, you will be able to:

- Set up an Office 365 tenant.

- Configure tenant options.

>  **Note:** The lab steps for this course change frequently due to updates to Office 365. Microsoft Learning updates the lab steps frequently, so they are not available in this manual. Your instructor will provide you with the lab documentation.

### Lab setup
  
 Estimated time: 45 minutes

Virtual machines:  **MT17B-WS2016-NAT**,  **10997A-LON-DC1**, and  **10997A-LON-CL1**

 User name:  **Adatum\Administrator**

 Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

 For this lab, you need to use the available virtual machine environment. Before you begin the lab, if necessary, you must complete the following steps:

1. On the host computer, click  **Start**, point to  **Administrative Tools**, and then click  **Hyper-V Manager**.

2. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **MT17B-WS2016-NAT**, and then, in the  **Actions** pane, click **Start**.

3. In the  **Actions** pane, click **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

4. In Hyper-V Manager, click  **10997A-LON-DC1**, and then, in the  **Actions** pane, click **Start**.

5. In the  **Actions** pane, click **Connect**. Wait until the virtual machine starts.

6. Sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Administrator**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**

7. Repeat steps 4 and 5 on  **10997A-LON-CL1**, and then sign in by using the following credentials:

  - User name:  **Holly**

  - Password:  **Pa55w.rd**

  - Domain:  **Adatum**


 In all tasks:

- Where you see references to  ** _Adatumyyxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**, replace  ** _Adatumyyxxxx_** with your unique Office 365 name that you choose in Lab 1 - Exercise 1, Task 1.



## Exercise 1: Setting up an Office 365 lab environment
  
### Scenario
  
 The first step in starting the pilot deployment is to configure the Office 365 tenant. You need to create a new tenant using the  ** _Adatumyyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com** domain name.
>  **Note:** This lab uses a standard Office 365 trial account, not a FastTrack pilot extended tenant account. Also, you need to create an account with a unique name in the form: ** _Adatumyyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**. You can use your two primary initials followed by a unique four-digit number. For example, Adatum ** _AB1234_**.

 The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Create an Office 365 Enterprise E5 trial subscription and enable directory synchronization

2. Verify the health of services



#### Task 1: Create an Office 365 Enterprise E5 trial subscription and enable directory synchronization
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then go to the following URL:  **https://aka.ms/v2jy2f**. 

2. Click  **Free trial**.

3. For Step 1, in the  **Welcome, let's get to know you** page, complete the following fields. Regardless of your location, use the following information:

  - Country:  **United Kingdom**

  - First name:  **Holly**

  - Last name: ** Spencer**

  - Business email address:  _Use your new Microsoft account that you created for this course or your personal email address_.

  - Business phone number:  _Use your mobile phone number, including the international code, for the country/region that you are really in_.

  - Company name:  **A. Datum**

  - Organization size:  **50-249 people**

4. For Step 2, create a unique domain for the company name to use in the course. Use the  _Adatumyyxxxxx_ form. For the rest of the fields, use the following information:

  - User name:  **Holly**

  - Company name: **  _Adatumyyxxxxx_** (where _yyxxxxx_ is your unique Adatum number)

  - Password:  Create a password that meets the complexity requirements. Document Holly's password.

  - Confirm password:  Type the same password

5. For Step 3, confirm your identity by using your mobile phone. Under  **Send text message**, from the drop-down box, select the code for the country/region that you are really in.

6. In the  **Phone number** box, enter your correct mobile phone number.

7. Ensure that the  **Send text message** option is selected, and then click **Text me**.

8. When you receive the confirmation text on your mobile phone, enter the code provided into the  **Enter your verification code** box.

9. Click  **Create my account**.

10. Wait until the Office 365 tenant is provisioned, and then click  **You're ready to go**.

11. Click the  **Admin** tile to go to the Office 365 admin center.



#### Task 2: Verify the health of services
  
1. Use  **Service health** on the navigation menu on the left to display the **Service health** dashboard.

2. Review any service interruption records and additional information on the  **Incidents** page.
>  **Note:** During Microsoft testing, on rare occasions Office 365 did not create the trial tenant properly. As a result, the tenant did not have all the services available to it. If this happens to you, create a new trial tenant by using a different business email address (a Microsoft account).
3. Close Microsoft Edge.

4. If you receive a prompt, click  **Close all tabs**.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have successfully provisioned the Office 365 tenant account for A. Datum Corporation.


## Exercise 2: Configuring Office 365 services
  
### Scenario
  
 In this exercise, you will verify the configuration of your Office 365 tenant and configure services and add-ins.

The main tasks for this exercise are as follows:

1. Review services and add-ins

2. Verify security and privacy settings

3. Determine current licenses

4. Update the organization profile

5. Prepare for the next module



#### Task 1: Review services and add-ins
  
1. On  **LON-CL1**, open Microsoft Edge, and then browse to  **https://portal.office.com/**.

2. Sign in as  **Holly@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com**, where yyxxxxx is your unique Adatum number, by using Holly's password.

3. Open  **Services &amp; add-ins** from the **Settings** menu in the Office 365 admin center.

4. Review the Cortana settings.

5. Review the Mail settings.

6. Disable the Office Store.



#### Task 2: Verify security and privacy settings
  
1. Open  **Security &amp; privacy** beneath the **Settings** node in the Office 365 admin center.

2. Change the password policy to require password expiration after 42 days.

3. Review the  **Customer Lockbox** settings.



#### Task 3: Determine current licenses
  
1. Open  **Licenses** beneath the **Billing** node in the Office 365 admin center.

2. Review the available licenses for the Office 365 Enterprise E5 subscription.

3. Click  **Subscriptions**, and then review the Office 365 Enterprise E5 trial subscription.



#### Task 4: Update the organization profile
  
1. Open  **Organization profile** beneath the **Settings** node in the Office 365 admin center.

2. Review the  **Release preferences** settings.

3. Review the  **Manage custom themes for your organization** settings.

4. Open the  **Provide customized help desk contact info** settings.

5. Enable the Help desk card, and then enter the following information:

  - Custom title:  **A Datum Help Desk**

  - Help desk email:  **Helpdesk@Adatum _yyxxxxx_.onmicrosoft.com**, where  _yyxxxxx_ is your unique Adatum number.

6. Save the changes.

7. Close all windows on  **LON-CL1**, and then sign out.



#### Task 5: Prepare for the next module
  
- When you have finished the lab, keep the virtual machines running for the next module.


>  **Result**: After completing this exercise, you should have successfully verified the configuration of your Office 365 tenant.



## 
  
**Question** 
How many licenses are available in your Office 365 subscription? 

**Question** 
What release track is your organization on? 



©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  